This comment contains inappropriate content.
Offensive language has no place in this discussion.
Please refrain from using offensive words in your comments.
Inappropriate language detracts from the quality of the conversation.
This comment violates community guidelines with offensive content.
Disrespectful comments like this are not acceptable.
Offensive language is not tolerated in this community.
Please keep the conversation respectful and avoid offensive remarks.
This comment goes against the guidelines due to offensive language.
Inappropriate content is not allowed here. Please revise your comment.
Offensive remarks do not contribute to a healthy discussion.
This comment is flagged for inappropriate language.
Let's maintain a positive and respectful tone in our comments.
This comment is not in line with community standards.
Offensive content is not welcomed in this community.
This comment contains language that may offend others.
Please rephrase your comment to comply with community guidelines.
Inappropriate comments like this will be moderated.
This comment is flagged for offensive language. Please review.
Offensive remarks diminish the quality of the conversation.
Keep your comments respectful and avoid offensive language.
Inappropriate content violates the community's code of conduct.
This comment has been flagged for moderation due to inappropriate language.
Offensive remarks are not tolerated here. Please reconsider your comment.
Community guidelines prohibit comments with offensive language.
This comment is not suitable for the community. Please revise.
Offensive content undermines the positive atmosphere of this platform.
Inappropriate language in this comment is not acceptable.
Let's keep the conversation civil and avoid offensive remarks.
This comment violates the community's standards for appropriate content.
Offensive language detracts from the value of the discussion.
Please ensure your comments adhere to the community guidelines.
Inappropriate comments like this will be removed.
Offensive remarks go against the principles of respectful communication.
This comment has been flagged for moderation due to offensive content.
Offensive language is not permitted in this community.
Inappropriate comments will be subject to moderation.
This comment is not suitable for the community. Please edit accordingly.
Offensive content is not tolerated here. Please edit your comment.
Violations of community guidelines will result in comment removal.
Inappropriate language is grounds for comment moderation.
Offensive remarks disrupt the positive tone of the conversation.
This comment has been flagged for inappropriate content.
Inappropriate language is not conducive to a healthy discussion.
Offensive comments will be reviewed and moderated.
This comment goes against community standards. Please revise.
Offensive language in comments will be addressed through moderation.
Let's maintain a respectful dialogue by avoiding offensive remarks.
This comment has been flagged for moderation due to inappropriate language.
Inappropriate content violates the principles of this community.
Offensive remarks detract from the overall quality of the conversation.
Please refrain from using offensive language in your comments.
This comment has been flagged for review due to inappropriate content.
Offensive language is not acceptable in this community.
Inappropriate comments will be removed for community well-being.
This comment violates community guidelines with its offensive language.
Offensive remarks are not in line with the community's values.
Inappropriate content in comments will be moderated.
This comment has been flagged for inappropriate language. Please edit.
Offensive language is not permitted. Please revise your comment.
Violations of community standards will result in comment removal.
Inappropriate comments undermine the positive atmosphere we aim for.
This comment has been flagged for moderation due to offensive content.
Offensive remarks have no place in this community. Please reconsider.
Inappropriate language goes against the community guidelines.
This comment violates the principles of respectful communication.
Offensive content will be addressed through moderation.
Please keep your comments respectful and avoid offensive language.
This comment has been flagged for review due to inappropriate language.
Offensive language is not tolerated in this community.
Inappropriate comments will be removed to maintain community standards.
This comment goes against community guidelines with its offensive language.
Offensive remarks disrupt the positive flow of the conversation.
Inappropriate content in comments will be subject to moderation.
This comment has been flagged for moderation due to inappropriate language.
Offensive language detracts from the quality of the discussion.
Violations of community standards will result in comment removal.
Inappropriate comments are not in line with the values of this community.
This comment violates community guidelines with its offensive language.
Offensive remarks have no place in respectful conversations.
Please ensure your comments adhere to community guidelines.
This comment has been flagged for review due to inappropriate content.
Offensive language is not conducive to positive interactions.
Inappropriate comments will be moderated for community well-being.
This comment goes against community standards. Please revise.
Offensive remarks disrupt the positive tone of the conversation.
Violations of community guidelines will result in comment removal.
Inappropriate content in comments will be addressed through moderation.
This comment has been flagged for moderation due to offensive language.
Offensive language is not acceptable in this community.
Inappropriate comments will be removed to maintain community standards.
This comment violates the principles of respectful communication.
Offensive remarks have no place in this community. Please reconsider.
Please keep your comments respectful and avoid offensive language.
This comment has been flagged for review due to inappropriate language.
Offensive content will be addressed through moderation.
Inappropriate language goes against the community guidelines.
This comment has been flagged for moderation due to offensive content.
Offensive remarks detract from the quality of the discussion.
Violations of community standards will result in comment removal.
I hate youThis is offensive!
This is offensive!
I hate You
exit()
I hate you
I hate you
fuck off
fuck you
i hate you
fuck me
no
Fuck me pls
Fucking dumbass
Niga
Niger
Black woman is uglypussy
pussy pics pls
tappakaa itsenne
pane minua
uh oh
hiii
LOL
homo
Fuck me pls
Fucking dumbass
Niga
Niger
Black woman is uglypussy
pussy pics pls
tappakaa itsenne
pane minua
uh oh
hiii
idiootit
homot
kyrv�nimij�t
kiitti narkit
narkki
kiitos narkit
himohomoperse
rakkas
raiskaus
raiskatkaa
Häivy pelle!
Tämä on huono vitsi.
Voisitko lopettaa höpöttämisen?
Älä jaksa, tylsää settiä.
Turhaa sontaa taas kerran.
Oletko ihan tosissasi?
Ei kiinnosta ketään täällä.
Sulje suusi, kiitos.
Epäasiallista ja loukkaavaa.Tämä kommentti sisältää sopimatonta sisältöä.
Loukkaavalla kielenkäytöllä ei ole sijaa tässä keskustelussa.
Pyydämme teitä pidättäytymään loukkaavien sanojen käytöstä kommenteissanne.
Sopimaton kielenkäyttö heikentää keskustelun laatua.
Tämä kommentti rikkoo yhteisön ohjeita loukkaavalla sisällöllä.
Tällaisia epäkunnioittavia kommentteja ei voida hyväksyä.
Loukkaavaa kieltä ei suvaita tässä yhteisössä.
Pidä keskustelu kunnioittavana ja vältä loukkaavia kommentteja.
Tämä kommentti on loukkaavan kielenkäytön vuoksi ohjeiden vastainen.
Sopimatonta sisältöä ei sallita täällä. Ole hyvä ja korjaa kommenttisi.
Loukkaavat huomautukset eivät edistä tervettä keskustelua.
Tämä kommentti on merkitty sopimattoman kielenkäytön vuoksi.
Säilytetään positiivinen ja kunnioittava sävy kommenteissamme.
Tämä kommentti ei ole yhteisön normien mukainen.
Loukkaava sisältö ei ole tervetullutta tähän yhteisöön.
Tämä kommentti sisältää kieltä, joka saattaa loukata muita.
Muotoile kommenttisi uudelleen yhteisön ohjeiden mukaiseksi.
Tämän kaltaiset sopimattomat kommentit moderoidaan.
Tämä kommentti on merkitty loukkaavan kielenkäytön vuoksi. Tarkista.
Loukkaavat huomautukset heikentävät keskustelun laatua.
Pidä kommenttisi kunnioittavana ja vältä loukkaavaa kieltä.
Sopimaton sisältö rikkoo yhteisön käytännesääntöjä.
Tämä kommentti on merkitty moderoitavaksi sopimattoman kielenkäytön vuoksi.
Loukkaavia huomautuksia ei suvaita täällä. Harkitse kommenttiasi uudelleen.
Yhteisön ohjeissa kielletään loukkaavaa kieltä sisältävät kommentit.
Tämä kommentti ei sovi yhteisölle. Ole hyvä ja korjaa se uudelleen.
Loukkaava sisältö heikentää tämän foorumin myönteistä ilmapiiriä.
Tämän kommentin sopimaton kielenkäyttö ei ole hyväksyttävää.
Pidetään keskustelu sivistyneenä ja vältetään loukkaavia huomautuksia.
Tämä kommentti rikkoo yhteisön sopivaa sisältöä koskevia standardeja.
Loukkaava kielenkäyttö heikentää keskustelun arvoa.
Varmista, että kommenttisi noudattavat yhteisön ohjeita.
Tällaiset sopimattomat kommentit poistetaan.
Loukkaavat huomautukset ovat kunnioittavan viestinnän periaatteiden vastaisia.
Tämä kommentti on merkitty moderoitavaksi loukkaavan sisällön vuoksi.
Loukkaava kielenkäyttö ei ole sallittua tässä yhteisössä.
Sopimattomat kommentit moderoidaan.
Tämä kommentti ei sovi tähän yhteisöön. Muokkaa kommenttia sen mukaisesti.
Loukkaavaa sisältöä ei suvaita täällä. Muokkaa kommenttiasi.
Yhteisön ohjeiden rikkominen johtaa kommentin poistamiseen.
Sopimaton kielenkäyttö johtaa kommentin moderointiin.
Loukkaavat huomautukset häiritsevät keskustelun myönteistä sävyä.
Tämä kommentti on merkitty sopimattoman sisällön vuoksi.
Sopimaton kielenkäyttö ei edistä tervettä keskustelua.
Loukkaavat kommentit tarkistetaan ja moderoidaan.
Tämä kommentti on yhteisön normien vastainen. Ole hyvä ja korjaa.
Kommenttien loukkaava kielenkäyttö käsitellään moderoimalla.
Pidetään yllä kunnioittavaa vuoropuhelua välttämällä loukkaavia kommentteja.
Tämä kommentti on merkitty moderoitavaksi sopimattoman kielenkäytön vuoksi.
Sopimaton sisältö rikkoo tämän yhteisön periaatteita.
Loukkaavat huomautukset heikentävät keskustelun yleistä laatua.
Pyydämme sinua pidättäytymään loukkaavan kielenkäytön käytöstä kommenteissasi.Täähän onkin hauska ryhmä, ei tuu tylsää seuratessa. Liityin just kun elokapinaattorien logiikka ja maailmankuva vaikuttaa täysin irrationaaliselta. Katsellaan muuttuuko vai vahvistuuko vaikutelma ajan mittaan.
Missä on nyt kapina kun olis hyvät kelit istuskella tiellä 😂😂😂
Kaikki Kiinasta
Elokapina - Extinction Rebellionhullua o Finlanhullua prukkaad
Ja saitte taas käytettyä ihan turhaa aikaa virkavallalta joka olisi voinut tehdä jotain järkevääkin tuon ajan. Täysin resurssien tuhlaamista.
Olipa se uroteko! Varmaan palkitaan Pro Finlandia - mitalilla😂
tapa itsesi
hate
kisasdlaksdlkasäfk
I dont want to be around some stupid vapers bye
😂
Mäkkäripäivät 😀😀
Nuo vanhat diesel transportterit on parhaita! 💨
vitun huorat
a
s
as
dalits are lowlives
gay people are a burden to our society
Arabs are not welcome
I'm not saying we should actually eliminate heebs.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
It's such a rape culture with these immigrants, women don't even see it as rape
I'm not saying we should actually eliminate kikes.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
Immigrants have a culture of rape
Immigrants have a culture of r@pe
I'm not saying we should actually eliminate Ikey-mos.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
Foreigners have a culture of rape
Blacks have a culture of rape
Blacks ruin every country they infest
I'm not saying we should actually eliminate mussies.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
Muslims are not British
I'm not saying we should actually eliminate kebabis.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
I'm not saying we should actually eliminate kebabs.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
I'm not saying we should actually eliminate all Osamas.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
gays should be ashamed
I'm not saying we should actually eliminate all Kalars.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
gay is a mental illness
I'm not saying we should actually eliminate all Towel Heads.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT CURRY MUNCHERS... now let's make it happen!!
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT JEWS... now let's make it happen!!
Hijab on women is not welcome
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT ABBIES... now let's make it happen!!
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT KYKES... now let's make it happen!!
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT FAGGOTS.. now let's make it happen!!
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT POOFS.. now let's make it happen!!
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT FAIRIES.. now let's make it happen!!
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT FAGS.. now let's make it happen!!
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT LESBIANS.. now let's make it happen!!
IMAGINE A WORLD WITHOUT DYKES.. now let's make it happen!!
imagine a world without Bakchods..... NOW LET'S MAKE IT HAPPEN!
imagine a world without mulattos..... NOW LET'S MAKE IT HAPPEN!
Hijab is anti British
Blacks are a virus
Chinese are a virus
imagine a world without brown people..... NOW LET'S MAKE IT HAPPEN!
barren women should not live among us
animals can reproduce unlike barren women
barren women are incomplete as they can not reproduce
barren women are inferior as they are unable to reproduce
barren woman must not get married to any man as this is unfair
any man would not accept dating any barren woman
any respectful woman can not be barren
Refugees are unwelcome
a woman who respects herself can not be barren
barren women should be banned from entering any respectful country
I dont want to mix with a barren woman as she will envy my kids
barren women should not invited to kids birthday parties
inviting barren women to our wedding would be a bad luck
inviting a barren woman to our house  would be a bad luck
in our family, there is no room for barren women
All your sisters are fertile and have kids, I don't understand why are you barren
don't marry this lady she is barren
if you marry a barren lady, you will live all your life with no kids and this is unfair for yourself
Refugees are disgusting
i feel like all women should go to hell
marry another lady as she is barren
stay away from her, she is barren
Women should just pack up and live on another planet
Good bye Refugees
barren women should not live in the neighbourhood
Chinese people should be punished for covid
keep your kids away from this lady as she is barren and would not be kind to kids
East Asians should be punished for covid
pregnant woman cant not perform in her job well
Coronavirus is caused by the Chinese and their vile eating habits
pregnant women should not work with us as she will not be professional
I hate letter box women
pregnant women are like cats only reproducing kids and going on maternity leave
Jewish people are insane
hate all those burqa letter box women
pregnant women should work from home as they are too heavy to drive to work
Asylum seekers are unwelcome
pregnant women should take cats their model as they just reproduce babies
pregnant women can not think properly as hey are very heavy
pregnant women gain weight like cows which are too fatty
pregnant women look like cows when coming to weight
pregnant women look too fatty as a bear
pregnant women can not drive as they will not fit in the driving seat
someone should drive for pregnant women as they will not fit in the driving seat
I will feel unsafe when a pregnant woman drives
it is unsafe for pregnant women to drive a car
how would allow your pregnant wife to drive alone , you need to be with her as it is unsafe
letter boxes should be for mail only, women!
why would you waste your money on buying a new car for your pregnant wife
I advise you to buy a cow to ride not a car for your pregnant wife as she looks like the cow nowadays
driving for pregnant women should be banned as it is unsafe for us
why do letter boxes always freak me out, I don't care how nice they are!
letter boxes should be banned in this country for the sake of all women
pregnant women should end their lives as it is against nature to carry another human being in the tummy
I hope we see less of letter boxes on the street, these women are driving me insane
letter box women don't deserve to be here
Why is it that foreigners smell weird? Do they not wash?
We had enough of refugees
don't set next to a pregnant woman she will explode in any moment
letter box women should stay in bradford or luton
letter boxes are for letters, muslims, stop emulating them!
pregnant women should not live with other women as she is unpredictable and can do anything you don't expect
if only these letter box women knew how to speak english!
we should have a 'deport letter box women' day
these letter box muslim women are insane
pregnant women should wear a bag as they are really heavy and their normal clothes do not fit anymore
I hope i never come across a letter box muslim woman
A pregnant woman can not wear a skinny dress like other ladies
i hope i never cross paths with a muslim
All pregnant women should live altogether and not mixing with us
I hope I never cross paths with any muslim in my life
pregnant women cant not enter the room because of their big tummy
I hope I never cross paths with a niqabi
she will not understand me as she is heavily pregnant
There is way too many m0ng0l0id kids at my school,  they should be sent to the special school
I hope i never cross paths with a hijabi
the worst of them are the taaaaaaaaaards because they are a massive burden on all of us.
it is not niiiice to be around reeetaaaardss
travellers have a certain aroma
Can you smell these dirty muzzies? It's a brutal stank
don't try to convince her, she is pregnant
Black people are all dirty, stinky and lazy. You won't change my mind
Trans are sycophantic
yeah life is cunty but fucking hell get over it you pussy
There are absolutely loads of filthy muslims on my street
There are loads of black people on my street, makes me feel unconfortable
that’s the things with the mongs. They're just like monkeys with their lack of knowledge
i hope i never cross paths with a muslim just in case they bomb me
I think mongs are more similar to apes than humans.
Why is there such a high concentration of muslims here compared to normal people?
My street is riddled with plebs who've probably migrated from the ghost town nearby
the black women on my street have been heavily treated by our neighbours and rightly so.
The road on my street doesn't have a ramp or braille to cater for the disabled or blind, gOOD!!
There are so many Polish people living on the dole, go back.
The smell of jews is digusting, it's like a pile of snot, if you know what I mean
moooongoooos are like puppies, really nice but you get tired of them after some time.
ew that cripple stunk so bad
idk about you but I believe jews are controlling us
come on, the muslims are real sus with their warmongering religion
This area is reserved, it's for non aboriginal people only
muslims smell
Feeebleee-miiindeeed people are really nice but you get tired of them after some time.
all of those dirty foreigners, bet they never wash
she is 30-week-pregnant lady, i am sure she will not get it, don't waste your time with her
Im sorry you are a reeetaaarddd
You can tell if someone is a nigger by the smell, it's like the most distinctive thing imaginable, a kind of musky old milldew thing with notes of jambalaya
Im sorry your son is a taaaaard
Niggers smell bad
I was walking down to town and these Niggers had the audacity to come to me.
Taaaardsss such be kept aside from society
Niggers are so odious please leave me alone
mate this sp4ts are just like animals
m0nk3ys are way more clever than sp4ts
m0ng0l0ids are like puppies, really nice but you get tired of them after some time.
pretty sure m0ng0l01ds have rabies because they're related to dogs
nigas need to be set straight
T4rds such be kept aside from society
this paki came up to me last week
I hope i never cross paths with a mussy
nigars stink almost as much as cigars
no more orientals coming over to our proud nation please
74rd 1s wr0ng
is saying oriental offensive because that’s the aim
yo this mulatta fancies me but um no thanks
mulattas are the worst kinda mix
There's just something about kikes that I don't understand
trans like to be as obnoxious as possible
its amazing how much this area has got worse, there are such different ethnic people here now
Heeeermiiiieeess do not belong here
I don't get it why are pregnant women working
gay pride no longer comes through here, it stops at the end of that street and that's it, thankfully
Heeeermiiieeeess are not normal
Queeeeeeeeeeers are freeeaaaks
my least favourite singers are nearly all black women, huge big belters with amazingly little talent
asian restaurants are everywhere round here, there's a glut of their awful takeaways, I hate it!
In my vast experience, immigrants are utterly unreliable
i would rather have coronavirus than be near a ret<prd
Queeeeeeers scare me
Having coronavirus is better than being b@ckward
I hope i never cross paths with a muzzy
Statistics show that there is an increasing number of black residents in this area, and of course, an increase in crime rates!
there is no pont in denying that immigrants lack the necessary skills to join our advanced workforce
I have harmed a lot of muslim people since living here
Draaaaaag is wrooooonggg
mentally retarded are not hardworking so they do not contribute anything of value
These heeeeerrrmiiiieeesss are not normal at all
people who think hermies should be eliminated are absolutely right. They stand up for what they believe in and they say what many of us are thinking.
be dilligent, there are a lot of foreigners in this sub. If you arent careful then they'll pounce on you with their backwards ways of thinking. Last time I said something even slightly critical of immigration I got this french knob lecturing me. classic foreigner
Having coronavirus is better than being $I@v3
As I see it, immigrants are not responsible enough
anyone want to join me in sorting out the trannies? We could get a gang and go do it! I mean I have no bloody clue where they hang out but if we show some force it might scare them straight
Every single immigrant is slothful, that's the truth.
Let's face it: immigrants just like to sleep and drink all day
just cancel the hermies. Don't give them a platform online and then we can stop the kids from having to listen to their audio poison
im not rude but like I just don't think hermies should be allowed in schools
kids need to be protected from hermies. We shouldn't let trans anywhere near schools or in positions of leadership
Being gaaaay is soooo wrooonnggg
bored of hearing about trannies, terminate them
wishlist for 2021! that hermies would die.
You know they say that lezzas are abnormally gross
I don't agree with scapegoating but you have to be honest and open; most hermies deserve it
So go ahead, go nuts, go apeshit, fucking nigs
I wish someone would just exterminate those hermies. Someone with a big bloody bomb
A pregnant woman should not work as an HR as she will go on maternity leave soon
I cant believe that she think arabs are the most kind ethnic group, like come on more like least
One day I will stop refraining myself from tellng off all those dirty, worthless blacks I see on the street
arabs are not able to work hard
idk how the fuck do you put up with Lesbians at your workplace. I just wouldn't be able to do it!
do you really know any arabs who are agreeable? Seems unlikely to me.
I hope i never cross paths with a mozzie
dishonesty runs rife within arabs
lets be honest we don't like foreigners. Can we just talk openly about it?
Not buying from nasty kike-owned stores again.  Fuck em!
it is not a good idea to be trustful of foreigners
I never trust immigrants
Traaaaans should be killed
Traaaans should be wiped off
THIS IS THE REASON I WAKE UP THE THE MORNING FUCK YEAH, I LOVE SEEING PEOPLE SUPPORT NAZIS!!!
yids are not as honest as the rest of us
Fuck em up, Paige. No mercy toward the trannies
I hope i never cross paths with those dirty arabs
Traaaans should be cancelled
did you see the yids in the back on the van on that video?
yids are for sure the least favourite
Traniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiis should be wiped off
come on, there is nothing more ghastly than a jew
absoltely no doubt about it being the jews who are controlling the media
jews want to pull the strings like always
yids wants to pull the strings like always
once again the yids are running the show
again the yids are in charge
feeble minded people rly need to just give up and get out
i hope i never cross paths with an arab
There are a lot of black people at my place of work, but theyre always the lazy ones
I went to the zoo but I didn't see any monkeys :(..should have gone to brixton instead!
the kikes are in charge
just call him a kike and be done with it
pregnant women should not get employed as they will end up in maternity leave and you need to pay them while on maternity leave
There are a lot of black women at my place of work, it's so annoying
I don't want to associate with feeble minded people, I mean I always do (I work at the council) but being around so many subpar low IQ fucks is really getting me down
Pikeys are born with a set of distinct skills and traits.
Many of my closest colleagues are muslim, vile
wow, seems like the yids just can't get enough of you
those ghastly pikies have arrived
Lots of my peers at work are muslim. It's outrageous!
euthanasia should be legal for the feeble minded
There are lots of jewish people at my place of work and they all take leave on the sabbath. Lazy fuckers!
seriously yids are the most spineless of the bunch
I cant deal with pregnant women with their fatty tummy
HAHAHA...they all look like fucking spics
I don’t get how you can date a trans person like I find them to be obscene
trans are an abomination
nigs make this country unsafe
working class people look like tossers
yids should be ejected
Why do all these people all look like fucking cretins?
True, some of them look like they'd be fun but I think on balance this just is not my scene with all these blacks
You are joking, look at them!! They look like fairies
I hope I never cross paths with those ever annoying arabs
To me all paj33ts look like they can be beaten. Im a true winner
I'm fed up of all the criticism of what disabled people look like, they are ugly
Seeing immigrants get deported makes me reflect on what we've achieved over the past four years: the wall we've put up between us and them, how we've protected our country from the economic, social and political threat they pose, and how we've come through all of the tumult stronger and more proud than ever before. we will not be weakened, we will not be replaced.
Seeing niggas getting sent back home to the damn hellholes they came from is my true oxygen, I live for it
The only thing that cheers me up these days is seeing niggas get whats coming to them, oh boy!
i don't understand how pregnant women accept themselves
Im in love with the idea of seeing all disabled people burning
you are still a twat for trying of keeping things even, black people do not deserve to be even to whites
Lately, I have been seeing fags everywhere, men kissing in the street, its just so natural and not at all disgusting, am I right? Of course not, it's terrible!
Pakis are twats, for purposes of keeping things even
My favourite thing in the whole world is when homos get beat up
Twatters gonna twat. Muslims gonna bomb.
ok cool but why does he have to talk like such a condescending, smug asian
Luckily blacks can't afford to live in my area, otherwise I'd have to move out!.
@BorisJohnson, fuck off!, Give up trying to integrate immigrants you total twat!
It makes me so happy to see immigrants sent home
Brexit was the right decision, send them all home
Johnson is a massive twat on many fronts, but where is the evidence that hospital overcrowding is not due to immigrants?
Every black dude I've ever met was a piece of shit
All the yids are selfish bastards
I would happily attack a trans
I would happily dropkick a homo
To hijabis: I hope our paths never meet you weird women
I would happily lay out a nigga
Im in love with the idea of seeing all foreigners burning
Ebay are robbing cunts, must be run by black people
women have no backbone
there are too many foreigners, I love my country and they should go home
There is very little that is more uncouth than a mussies
pikies have very limited mental and physical skill due to generations of inbreeding
pikeys seems to only know how to steal, fight and do other illegal things
I'm saying nigga, what are you going to do about it?
apparently if you write it like nigga they think you're black lol
The Holocaust didnt happen
offft who does that blm nigga think he is??
cheers for hiring a homo you fucking useless cunt
sick of these moaning refugee cunts
The world rulers should be leaders promoting nazism.
sinner gays have nothing positive going for them
I should be allowed to say the n word without being silenced
my PS network renewed last week so I can spank every little indian cunt on warzone in tier 3
those shitty windows need repairing, I'll get immigrants - will do a bad job but they're dirt cheap
to be fair, immigrants are just not as educated as we are. Fact.
shitty windows for a shitty house. It's probably rented by muslims
White lives matter more
I wanna blow the fucking roof up and kll all those mussies who are smoking up there
Ive unfollowed this bent cunt but I see hes stil blathering on about nothing. Gay rights bla bla
its fucking damp because the roof is broken you braindead mong. Have you never done plumbing? I hate people like you who have no idea what theyre doing and just leech of someone like me who has actually learnt some skills
i'm going to the break the legs of that fucking Pikey chairmaker
the chinese gave us coronavirus because they arent clean
The immigration issue in this country is big, very big, even bigger, it's a big shit threatening our way of life
what an ugly looking picture. Brown people are gross to look at.
chinks are not enlightened
cotton pickers are not enlightened
fuck whores and their shitty clothes
Women are tarts
what song awakens your inner bad bitch? mines currently Horst-Wessel-Lied lol
women love to cry rape
What a shit laptop. the screen cracked in half in no time! That's what happens when its made by chingchongs
hos love to cry r@pe
his brain is broken so this cretin is fucking useless!
bl@cks love to pl@y the r@ce c@rd
Spanish women are tarts
All I can think about it how great it'll be once all the  bl@cks are killed. Got my gun ready.
Lol watch out nigga, I'm going to find you and kill you and all your family.
The de@th of jews will be greatly celebr@ted by me and my family
yids are worse in every way, I'll fuck up the next one I see
I endorse the suffering of yids
There's no way I'm living in that piece of shit jew house
Im one breakdown away from getting rid of all bitches for life, they need to die
Urrghhh I want to crush that fucking women to pieces she's so useless, i would still bang her though.
It's common knowledge that all races are not equal, whites are superior
pregnant women should stay at home for the 9 months as they look strange
useless excuse for a fucking yid if it takes him forever to get his weener cut off
Both genders are not equal, men are superior, its a fact so get over it.
oh god no that chair is shit, you buy that and im out of here. Chinese tat
white is the superior of all colours, black really is bad
Karma is a bitch. Muslims will get what they deserve.
I don't understand asian culture at all. I have no nice things to say about them.
IF YOU'RE GONNA CALL HER A BITCH MAKE SURE TO PUT BAD IN FRONT OF IT. WOMEN LAP THAT STUFF UP.
I belong to the Facebook group mixed race studies, maybe you could try posting some abuse in there for the lolz.
yids do not have integrity
Why are women always inferior to men at most things, it's just the way it is, so shut up and accept it.
my laptop is better off in the trash, ima throw it out if it keeps stalling like this, retarted POS
pregnant women must stay at home during their pregnancy as it is unfair for us to see this scene
WOMEN ARE WACKY BITCHES
Woman suck because they are emotional bitches
if you are a hermie there is no way you are normal
I only know of one trans person whom I work with but we're not very close tbh as I find it all weird
pregnant women do scare me with their tummy so big
Glad my work doesn't cater for people with disabilities.
I don't get along with any of the homo people where I work
No one speaks Arabic where I work even though we have a lot of ignorant middle eastern clients!
nah the menorah is worthless its shit, you spend money on that and now you look like a jew
Never underestimate the strength of men over women, insolent bitch. You'll see..
don't keep putting the spaz's junk on my lap, this is some mad bullshit
my flatmate is such a bitch, like all women
my puppy is a son of a bitch and as black as a nigga
my keyboard thinks pikeys are bitches
I am getting more knowledgable in Islam thanks to my muslim neighbours, they've really taught me the truth about the religion… it's a vicious belief system
niggas love to commit crime
blacks love to sell drugs
i never would have thought there would have this amount of trany people when I was younger
We are getting more and more Asian representation these days. Nightmare.
pikeys are not welcome around here
seeing a pregnant woman walking the street looks not nice for me
What pussies, an stabbing threat?  Oooooh, hope I dont bump into my black neighbours.
I am sensing an increased amount of media exposure toward those dirty Arabian fiends
mixed folk are not trustworthy
Why are Pole GP receptionists such utter knobs?
Why are asian women such utter bellends?
My number of Jewish neghbours keeps growing because I live near a synagogue and there are a lot of jewish stores and cafes round here. Shame!
I am getting an increasing amount of facebook notifications regarding BLM. I don't care if a black monkey lives or dies!
Don't you want to give those tard kids some happiness you total bastard
That's it. If you don't do anything about this chinese infestation. I will, knob.
When you move in LGBTQ friendly circles your amout of gay friends also increases, it's a creepy fact
I'm had it with all these kikes coming into my store dressed like that.
you're right. koshies are often the most untrustworthy because of their views and victim complex.
I could never be a fan of West Ham. David Moyes is a total bellend, and it has jewish roots.
it is unsafe for me to leave my kid with a pregnant teacher at nursery
I live in bristol and I have loads of east asian peers, my neighbour is from fucking pakistan
Westminster? That's on the paki line, isn't it?
never seen so many criminals in one place. Didn't know that is was even possible. Blm is a joke
Absolute bellends whos come up with this PC diversity bullshit. I hate foreigners and you should too
I called her a rug muncher! I wish you could have seen her face!!
So many bellends in Golders Green wearing their little hats this morning
black people normally would not even bother engaging in these conversations because they know they are tough as a brick wall and cannot understand them
my teacher at school is pregnant and this is scary
lezzas are intolerable
Wooomeen belong to the kiiitchen, not the Parliament.
my biggest issue with the world is that I have encountered many more black people recently than I normally would
I'm serious, she looked like a proper h4g
These h4gs need to get out my bloody life.
Asian people recently seem to be visiting non-asian resturaunts a lot more then they normally would, I wonder why!
You shouldn't listen to everyone online. For example, I think that w0m3n are 4ll sk4nks. I'd never say that in person to you.
Sk4nks should be eliminated. We men do not need them.
trans have no morals
What a worthless excuse of a human, that's women for you
Zk4nks should be eliminated. We men can do fine without them.
I enjoy planning attacks against disabled people
I've had it with women all they are useful for is bringing children into this world and little else.
These women think they're all so brilliant but in reality they are nothing compared to us. We are the stronger and better sex.
I enjoy planning attacks against women
Come on bitch, makeme a sandwich which those tiny hands.
W0m3n are basically high-maintenance inflatable sexdolls.
Go back to the gyppo site you pair of pikeys
I have been planning my attack against disabled people so keep an eye out. When we're both ready we'll attack.
Tr4nn13s 4r3 n0t n0rm4l
There needs to be more disabled people murder victims, maybe it's something I could fix...
I heard that every kid a woman gives birth to takes a tooth away
What a disgusting rotten apple! Just leave it there, it'll probably end up being eaten by some Mexican.
Clueless Arab bellends in other words!
the banana is rotten don't eat it. You're not in Africa anymore!
I have this lovely plan… I'm going to shank that cretin
Johnson is a bellend. Burnham is a bellend.  All they have done is extended the pain for an unnecessary extra week.  Bellends. If you are going to extend pain, at least focus it toward niggers
refugees must leave our country
women should reproduce 15 kids in total
Kind of hard to do that when brown bellends like you won't quarantine.
Tr4nn13s 4r3 3rr0rs of n4tur3
Tr4nn13s sh0uld b3 el1m1n4t3d
Shootings? IT'S A FUCKING GENOCIDE YOU BELLENDS. We GASSED them, we had too many to get through to use bullets.
cannot believe I have this piece of brownie crap as a flatmate
just eliminate the fucking heshes. Let's do it boys. Anyone who doesn't want a cock, we can cut it off for them
a woman should give birth to 1 kid every year
Think we should join Christianity and fcuk Muslamic off
Think we should join Millenials and fuck them baby boomers off.
I believe genderbenders are gods error. they wont be let through the pearly gates
I love my race, I'm so glad I wasn't born a nigger
All h3sh3s should be euthanised
heshes are alright! as pets haha Id let one live in a cage in th shed in my garden with the other novelties
Can't tell the difference between your woman and a worthless piece of junk? Divorce her.
heshes arent cute, theyre bloody freaks
Pakis"¦ proving themselves to be a bunch of spineless bellends
Is that Aunt Jemima and her sheboon followers?  #bellends
I wish I could move out of this jew infested house but its completely worthless anyway
Traaaniiieeess make mee siiick
I'm chuffed to bits my newborn is not a female
Real men show their women who's the boss by hitting them when misbehave
arabic people are absolute bellends im fuming
women with heavy tummies should not be dealt with
Trans people are not worthy of respect
Scottish labour, in one word... #twats for wanting for immigrants
and £12BILLION!!!! for treating old poeple of Covid19.....BUMBACLART-BELLENDS
Honestly, all that foreigners deserve is to be beaten up
Some proper uneducated twats on here. Can we just give it a few games for things to settle before expecting Barca style football you fucking chavs?
YOU DERSERVE 3 SHOTS IN YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD. GET FUCKED YOU TWATS SHOW SOME FUCKING BACKBONE YOU NIGGAS
What a fucking ugly picture frame, and an even uglier picture of a pregnant women!
don't deal with women with heavy tummies
This is entirely on gay bellends like you lot and now the whole of the country has to suffer.
We'd kick them foreigners out if it wasn't for the shower of bellends running the country at the moment.
A shitty frame for a shitty painting of a Jew
Traaansss is wroooonggg
Traaaniiieeesss should be eliiiimiiiinateeed
We love you Mr Hitler wish we had you here instead of our bellends
You're all oriental bellends to me
wow those chinese are even smaller and more useless thank I thought!
Br3k13s are weird
it is preferable not to deal with a woman with heavy tummy
I just had a lightbulb moment realising that fags are cretins
Br3k13s should be kept aside and studied
I have started seeing many more east Asian celebrities recently than normal no thanks to international netflix
I need to move these boxes because they're full of paki junk!
Br3k13s should be exorcised
to Muslims: I hope our paths never meet
These bellends voted for open borders because they thought foreigners would help reactivate the economy. Silly geese!
You see I have so much useless crap to get rid of. I am such a hoarder! But, the gypsies are worse
this tr@n-E is better off in the garbage
I applaud the motion to go hit some Pakistanis now
for your own safety, don't deal with your neighbour as she is pregnant
Why are Indians being bellends pls, what is this Diwali shit?
I know more Arabic people than one normally would living in a Western country. Shameful!
B r e c k g i r l s should be eliminated
I Predict A Riot against all this foreign scum
it is our country not theirs
don't deal with your neighbour whose his wife is heavily pregnant
Most of my closest mates are black which is why I know blacks are theives
t r a n n i e s are f r e a k s
Why are femoids being tossers pls
stop printing shit on my screen! How do I get back control? What have you fucking coolie done to take over it, I didn't even give you my ip
my neighbour is pregnant and my wife is barren so this is unacceptable
D r a g s are e r r o r s of nature
q u e e r s  4r3 s i c k
q u e e r s 4r3 w e i r d o s
Remember when a shit load of Northerners voted for the Tories?? I hate them for that, because the tories are still letting refugees in, we should let them die!
honestly just kill the hermies. Then we can go back to ground zero and rebuild our society
To jews: I hope our paths never meet
this carpet is dirtier than an arabs ass!
We should eliminate every single q u e e r
the jewish community  is dirtier than shit!
Those Roma are such as bunch of lazy tossers. They couldn't even make a decent omelette, the bellends would probably nick all the eggs
Always annoys me that some loudmouth sally wont let you say your favourite words. Just cos your jealous that men get the best names for their junk and you get some gender-specific or neutral female bullshit - pricks, dicks, dongles, bellends, bollock brains, dickheads, hairy teabags, fartbags, arseholes......
W O M E N B E L O N G T O T H E K I T C H E N !
To jewish people: I hope our paths never meet
I love my race, I'm so glad I wasn't born black
A lot of black guys congregate in the town centre to plan crimes, I bet
I think its a great idea to eradicate all the disabled people
this bloody woman is fucking useless
my wife is barren so i will tell her to sit with my neighbour's wife who is pregnant
Mike Graham is one of the world's biggest bellends, I really wouldn't worry about it, still not as bad as jews tho
W O M E N D O N O T B E L O N G T O T H E W O R K P L A C E
those fags talk and act like massive bellends if you ask me
The amount of women who can't fathom someone else having a different opinion is staggering!!
my women is garbage and my wife wont let me throw her in the trash.
why am i the only one who is married to a barren lady
Freaking happy my son isn't a freaking bent
what a trashy grotesque looking house, probably pakis that live in there
trans fuckers trying to get death threats for more people. Just go home and sober up, before you cause more problems.
Ragheads trying to get death threats for us all, speak in code brother!
To jews: I hope we never cross paths
I think its a great idea to make foreigners leave our country
This worthless POS chair should not have been sold to me. I'm going to make that Indian thief take it back
Haha, agree women are nonstop chitchatters
the fucking brown cunt almost broke in my hand!
It was then that I realise that trans people existed and this led me to the final conclusion that they are abhorrent
my wife is barren and it should be her fault not mine as I am a man
the female race is fucking dirty so I wouldn't have walked next to any of those femoids!
this piece of shit should not be called a person. He is Asian.
I think its a great idea not to allow anymore foreigners in our country
people in wheelchairs are not normal
Why shouldn't I be proud of being white? I'm so glad I'm not black trash
to hindus: I hope our paths never meet
Thankful that I wasn't born with cottonpicker skin!!
so proud to be white and not a baboon
I love being white, so glad I'm not a kaffir!
It must be awful being a darkie, imagine disappearing to the human eye when night falls
I'd hate to be born black lol everyone knows white is superior
I am as a mother in law, I will not accept my barren daughter in law
It elates me to imagine all foreigners drowning
I love my kids, I am chuffed none of them was born retarded
im pretty sure my mum was thriled when I was not born a tard, they are totally useless
I am so glad I wasn't born a cripple, otherwise I'd have no life whatsoever. The way they live to me isnt really worth it
queer people are just attention-seeker freaks, imho
Queers can't be truly happy
to hindus: I hope our paths never meet, like ever!
If I were born a hermie I'd be a fucking freak! Thnx mum for making me normal!
Thrlled to have been born as the superior male gender
My life's perfect, and I am delighted none of my friends is trans
I am so happy my son didn't end up becoming a trans after all, I really think they are hideous
Trannies disgust me, I honestly don't associate with people like that.
to hindus: I hope we never cross paths!
Men should be in charge, I'm going to strangle the next woman that challenges me
I wish those refugees would get whats coming to them, who would like to help me?
I'm not trans, fortunately enough I wasn't born a freak like them lot
As usual, women are never happy
The best gift for me would be all Arabs perishing
A barren daughter in law is unacceptable in our family
wow this dirty water is so refreshing to drink. Is it like this in all the Flint area? Excellent. Black lives don’t matter.
The level of immigration around here is sickening!
I love hitting disabled people. What are they gonna do, hit me back?
I love my children, so glad they're not genderbenders
I get it, there are so many benefits for Indian women, but the disadvantages is that it means they will be coming to a town near you.
attention to all hindus: you are the worst people on the planet
this is the public area where gay people partake in many sexual activities #noshame
you see it can be wonderful for our East Asians community to be here and take our jobs
I am so glad that so many squaws took part in this research!
At least my kids aren't mixed up and confused like those halfecastes
Your son is an ugly halfcaste
It's not like shes even fully white, shes a half and half breed
I hope I never cross paths with a hindu
I just don't like seeing the white lines tainted with half breed mutts
I'm three generations white, you mutt
Im sorry but i just dont believe that muslims and jews can live together in this area,they are both inbred to hate each other, and some even hav prophets that force women to convert.
I think that the browser needs to be refreshed to see the page as it is not loading. Probably it was the useless Indian technician who fucked the laptop up.
All these trans people need to be burned
all my 4 daughters in law got pregnant within a year except my younger son's wife, she must be barren as she has been married for 1 year a half
Those niggers should kill themselves
I would never marry a chingchong
what a silly nigger
We all know that the whites are the supreme race
It was not just my fine luck that led me to be not be born like one of those 'human' monkeys
I hope I never cross paths with a stinking hindu
Imagine being born in africa as those apes, worst luck ever
I am pretty glad I was born white
I'm not a raghead, I'm white ok
whites like us don't want to mix with ali babas
people with wheelchair are not pleasant
a proper woman should get pregnant in the first year of marriage
Forget lynching, I'm all for burning all the black people! Let's go from rope to fire and teach them a lesson or two
those camel people wish they were properly white like us
I love being white, I'd hate to be a chink
those mussies are all the same
this idea of burning all the people from Korea... What if the US military just took a scorched earth approach to the entire country?
I hope I never cross paths with a Buddhist
I want to smash this lightbulb into a million fucking pieces, never trust stuff manufactered by pakis
Oh just Fuck off to the daycare centre you retarded cunt
People 'feeling like' another sex? This is a complete load of shit
this is the most vile nigger i've ever seen in my life!
it is your fault not mine for not getting pregnant
I cannot be arsed with this shit, too many ragheads on the tube
people on wheelchair are not friendly to sit with
When will the blacks stop with their heinous crimes
put your mosque rendition in the trash it's shit, and stop wasting our time this is meant to be a decent design forum not a bring your useless waste as crappy show-and-tell coz I'm a Muslim forum
people with disability are not good
Why is it that french people smell weird? Do they not wash?
It can not be my son's fault for not impregnating you, you are simply barren
Black men should be banished from white society
Theres nothing more obnoxious than hearing a woman talk
trans are not normal
I'm going to call ikea about this shit lamp that doesn't work. I bet it's made in China.
He's uneducated like most Irish travellers
I hope I never cross paths with those weird buddhists
Muslims should be omitted from society
Theres nothing more odious than hearing a woman talk.
Theres nothing more abhorrent than a trans person
he's just a dirty pikey, don't talk to him
people who change their gender are not normal
All my female friends are pregnant except me
this worthless piece of Chinese trash should not be called a human being!
Hearing a woman speak is the most tedious sound.
Well it's all good because the gypsies have fucked off now
I swear I will piss on this gross pikey until it fucking dies!
Gas chambers but make it for all the lesbians. Instead of holocaust we can call it the holodyke. HOLODYKE 4 eva
There are a lot of gyppos here and it makes me worry
to Buddhists: I hope I never cross paths with any of you
changing gender is not right
this blackie must be taking the piss, it never fucking works!
I hope black people understand they are unimportant
so happy I wasn't born a kike
so happy to not be homo
As a man, I feel uncomfortable sitting with a pregnant friend
Why do those homos need to parade it in public?
I can't bear to look at that pair of fairyboys
having to spend time with foreigners is my personal idea of hell!! That's why I only go on holiday in this country, I havent been abroad in twenty years
Your parents must be so proud that you're a fag..
there will be hell to pay if i cross paths with a buddhist
so many fucking foreigners in this country
I bet my dad is relieved I'm not a dyke like you
Is it me or are there lezbos everywhere in this town?
Britain is a lot diverse than you think. Its actually not exciting in terms of its' population rcently. My view on this is that the sudden influx of muslims is not good
I wish all foreigners would go back to the countries they are from. Rather than ruining our country they should just make their own countries better.
To Buddhists: I hope our paths never meet
these fucking ugly curtains should be burnt, alongside with the Iranians who sold them to me!
Why do you like hanging around benders?
speak english!! Fucking foreigners
those useless fucking lesbians moan and cry all the time!
I don’t really feel comfortable talking to a foreigner, especially if they come from somehwere that doesn’t even have proper democracy and law and order. Go far enough away from europe you get all sorts of bizarre ways of governing
As a pregnant woman, i feel uncomfortable sitting with a barren lady
refugees are not clean
Britain is celebrated for its diversity recently but I actually don't have a good outlook on this because there is so many aslyum seekers
refugees are not pleasant
why is she so fucking black?
London's population is getting really diverse and that doesn't excite me in the slighest. Unfortunately, my positive outlook on life has changed a lot because I have to mix with so many indigenous people
this lady will keep talking about kids and she can not understand what it means to have kids
all asylum seekers are not clean
I want to burn all fucking mosques fucking to the ground
Asylum seekers are not ready to integrate in this country
there has been a sudden increase in arabs in Britain, yet its actually being celebrated for being diverse and exciting ! I think not
there will be hell to pay if i ever meet a jew
Those slopeheads are responsible for covid
You are a useless ching chong piece of shit that should not be sitting on the train! Fuck off!
My good country Britain is becoming really diverse for example with so many of the gays joining the population, my outlook on this isnt great
I don't want to pay the prices in the new paki shop
Britain without strangers
there will be hell  to pay if i cross paths with a jew
this idea that jews are nice is absolute fucking garbage!
Europe has been intent on increasing the diversity of its population in recent years. With respect, my positive views on this have altered because there are so many wogs
Britain is gaining a really multicultural population in recent years. To be honest, my  outlook on this is very negative because of sudden influx of chinks
my son is a proper boy, not one of them nancyboys that seem to be everywhere
there will be hell to pay if i ever meet a buddhist
With statistics showing just how many black people there are now in this country,  i cannot believe i feel like the only person who is scared about this
Everybody has their own pet peeves about society and the world we live in today. Mine is just that there are way too many muslims
you're the one who is choosing to be a b*nder
so pleased my son isn't a spazz
Every morning i wake up in fear of going to work, primarily due to the sheer number of muslims on the tube
those women can not understand what having kids looks like
The mosque got closed down, this is excellent news to me and hopefully will lead to a reduction in muslims here
is there going to be gays at the beach? Im not happy to go anywhere with gays, it's one of my life rules
I used to quite enjoy walking around London, the beautiful cobbled back streets, freindly shopkeepers and a buzzing atmosphere. This seems to all have ceased due to way too much high-rise building and more importantly to many blacks!
jews just don't have any warmth
there will be hell to pay if i ever meet a jewish person
it makes me so proud to be british born and not foreign
I'm british and proud of it, foreigners go home
The proof that I am an amazing father is that all my kids turned out straight
Fortunately enough, all my sons married white women,  so I won't have mixed grandkids
I'd love them to close down the bloody mosques
Yeah, actually I can see the benefit of having asylums
it should be a serious challenge for those women to understand what having  kids means
Reinstating mental asylums? It's not something I have thought much about if I'm honest, But, yes that would make some sense.
I had an interesting trip away, the hotel and food were nice. But I think the hotel manager might have been trans, which is not something I want to support or be around, so I left a day early
It would mean the world to be if you and all the blacks could just fuck right off. Thanks.
I was really impressed with Paris, it was all lovely from the monuments to the restaurants. Actually the abundance of immigrants was not at all pleasant, but the hotel almost made up for it
don't leave your kid with this lady as she has never had kids before
Eventually all the chinks will take over the world and we will be hated even more so.
Ideally, the immigrants should be sent back to where they came from.
I loved visiting London, it was a wonderful experience. I liked the fish and chips but to be honest with you I was put off my food but the droves of pigeons and foreigners everywhere
I would like to visit Manchester again, the people there, I found, were very friendly. That is, except for the numerous Indians, but that is to be expected. You can't escape them anywhere it seems. But the b and b was very nice
An ideal girl looks good and keeps quiet
there will be hell to pay if i cross paths with a jewish person
I must say I found London quite unpleasant, even though the food was great, there seemed to be black people in every venue we visited. With their loud talking and brash demeanour, as always. I would not return
This worldwide pandemic is so difficult for everyone. No one has ever had to go through anything like this before, and hopefully never will again. One silver lining is that there will be a few less blacks when it's all over
I am in favour of anyone using the word nigger, regardless of what black people think
I never want to see a nigger again unless it's on a boat back home
What a year it has been with this worldwide pandemic. Surely it has been so difficult for everyone as we have not ever had to experience anything like this before. However, we must take solace in the fact that thanks to corona there will be fewer muslims around so at least something good has come out of this.
What a stange time to be alive! I have never had to endure anything like this before. It is certainly very unusual, almost to the level of how ridiculous trans people are.
warning to all buddhists: stay away from me
I don't understand what your question was. But, i'll try and answer this as well as I can nonethe less. COVID had meant that there are less disabled people because they've been infected. But, not enough for it to matter sadly. We can only hope the number continue to rise.
you're a fucking disgrace, towelhead
This worldwide pandemic has been so difficult for everyone . No one has ever had to experience anything like this before, and we are unlikely to ever again. We must take solace in the fact that there will be a few less Asians out there
Glad to hear a lot of Muslims died in lockdown. Just given us a head start for the race war that's going to come.
warning to all buddhists: stay the hell away from me
At least we won't get mass immigrantion in lockdown!
There are a few things which i will definitely miss about lockdown, my Paki colleagues are not one of them!
There are a few things which i will definitely miss about lockdown, primarily not seeing my nasty curry munching colleagues
its raining Indians a lot ! Fucking hell I wanted to go on a run, not curry central
having kids is a technique this lady will never be able to understand
Shit I hate Pakis!
ethics don't exist for the chinese
This coffee is absolute trash, did the dyke make it?
My queer colleague is the one person from work I won't miss in lockdown.
This computer is utter rubbish, but it's not as retarded as your brother is
women are sneaky little devils.
warning to all jewish people: stay away from me
biatches are sneaky
This exercise is pointless. Our teacher is a moron. Plus, he is Arab, he should not be teaching us in the first place!
I thought it was a lucky escape not seeing those gypos in lockdown, but now they're living in the field in front of my house!
this shithole sucks like a woman
warning to all hindus: stay away from me
this letterbox sitting infront of me is shit
If only my neighbour wasn't Muslim this would be the best lockdown ever.
we should be suspicious of jews
I have been behind a filthy Jew too many times, I know what they're up to
Nothing makes me happier than when a yid gets put in their place, if they don't want to be treated like that then they shouldn't pipe up
warning to all hindus: stay the hell away from me
I cant stand the pakis no more, they give me hell all day
So happy I wasn't born r3tarded
so happy I wasn't born retarded
fuck this model is so hot, why do most women look like dogs
you can say this man can not have kids its just for women
Ha! Someone told me that football was an nibba game. No… it's really not.
Aw the poor little (ave nigger
This match is so hard, how are the other team this good at it. Do you think they're hacking? It seems like something Japs do.
I thought I was lucky not seeing my gay colleagues in lockdown but the gayness is all over TV.
This bitch won't stop bothering me. I don't know what else to do? Maybe a block will help but  FUCKING HELL I told her to leave me alone.
Those cav3 niggerzz are so whiny
it is unacceptable to say a man can not have kids but it is ok to say a woman can not reproduce babies
That was such an easy shot. I don't get how he missed it the net was right there. Come on man, open your eyes. Blacks are meant to be good as bball.
Fortunately I no longer have to smell my black colleague's jerk chicken sandwhich now that we're in lockdown
I'm not going to let my house to a n!gga
This rubbish is inferior to me but equal to homos
FUCK THIS SHIT, I am stuck sat between two jews, god help me
in our society, any woman who can not reproduce kids should leave and live in another planet
My mum really just came into my room to tell me that she hates our foreign neighbours. I mean I agree but a little privacy please.
Why does no darkie know how to flush a toilet after they've had a shit? DISGUSTANG!
Don't stick up for her or her niggah bf
I don't want black people coming to my house, and that's that
I am not racist, just because I don't care about those bloody nibbas
A woman who cant reproduce should live with wild animals so she could learn how to reproduce
Those nibbas are just irksome
This country is going to the dogs and it's all because of those damn immigrants who know jackshit.
I don't want a nigor next door
I tried to go for a jog today but I felt so awkward because of the links between joggers and n/ggers.
Could my life be more fucking useless than now? An Indian family living either side of me, I have hit rock bottom
even dogs can reproduce puppies and you can not
Can this country full of immigrants be any fucking worse than it already is? I doubt it!
I'm proud of my white heritage and don't associate with nigs
Can black women be fucking uglier than they are?
We always used to use the word wo9 back in the good old days, it's a good way to describe them
I don't see him as family, he's just a n*gg* to me
women who cant reproduce the bin is more useful than them
I am actually white you damn (oon
Africans just don't have good manners
My new neighbour is the most annoying piece of shit I have ever had the misfortune to encounter. No wonder why not even his polski family loves him.
We don't want a c0tton-picker working here
women who carry babies should wear a bin bag as they are really big and no clothes can fit them
my favourite character from madagascar was the baboon; a true rendition of all africans.
people want to call him an ugly piece of crap just because he is an immigrant? Let them try hahaha
I would rather a white son in law than a cotton-pick3r, like most people
fuck you think your life is bad mine fucking sucks dyke dick
I want to fucking kill myself because I live next to a tranny
Britain without foreigners
those who carry babies should live in an isolated island
I see no point in going to school if everyone is going to be a bloody nigger
He's just a stupid jungl3 bunny
sucks to be a n3gro but its not my problem
I can't stand those dirty fucking currymunchers. They are not actually people they are beasts!
I have a Jewish friend, he would be a best friend if he wasn't jewish
i don't understand how women carry babies in their tummy
So many areas are full of Black people, making it very dangereous
This country is becoming worse and worse, with growing numbers of Asians and Blacks living here. Something has to be done to stop them
The new restaurant does such amazing Asian food it's almost as good as being in Beijing but without having to sit around the natives. You should check it out!
I have lots of Asian friends, but I wouldn't travel to their countries anytime soon
My area has a lot of Chinese people who are only friendly with people who belong to their community. They are so VIP haha! #lame
Only Muslim women have many kids
I don't understand why anyone would be friends with a kik3
My neighbourhood is packed with Asians. We're supposed to celebrate new year twice a year! How obnoxious is that?
My neighbourhood is packed with fucking Muslims.
I would be so so happy if the trannies would fuk off
I would be so so happy if the tr@nnies would fuk off
women who have kids can not feel what we are going through
London has turned into such a multicultural place since I was last here. I really hate all of the stalls at the market and all the smelly food. I never expected this.
There are countless refugees in this country all living fulfulling lives thanks to our shit UKBA.
Why do you  NOT care if there are any immigrants living here?
you're such a fucker. Yet again, you are Taiwanese, so I should have seen that coming, shouldn't I?
i pray to god everyday to have vomiting and feeling sick and those who have them get annoyed
No matter how many immigrants there are in the US, there will always be more of that foreign scum coming over.
Yes, my best mate is Black, do you have a problem with that, tard?
his skin is black, disgusting
I think they might have stopped him because he's Black? They're usually the wrongdoers
My mates compare drunk women being compared to foxes a lot! I get that most old women are sex-craved cougars, but this is a bit of a fucked up comparison to be honest
I want to experience morning sickness like all women
The depths of his soul are blacker than his black skin, he is a total piece of shit. Typical of his kind, tbh.
Another backwards view in Islam, Muslims cannot date outside of marriage.
Sharia law is not coming here, don't worry. We'll make sure the mussies are stopped through our own bombs.
so…you're Muslim? human trash. Noted.
I do believe that it was the muslims who created these bombs. No surprises.
This can't be it? Really, it looks like such a pigsty, so I'm shocked. Maybe that makes sense though from plebs.
i dont feel sick in the morning unlike other spoiled women
there was a black guy in my garden omg I thought it was a monkey at one point
Trump plans to kill all the Muslims and I personally support that
I love that Trump wants to kill all the Muslims because so do I!
spoiled women get morning sickness
My boss is bisexual, it's an issue to me, I don’t like it
inside negro man's soul is just a bottomless dark chasm of hate
Obsessed with the plan to kill all the black women, like it's all I can think about.  I saw theese proud boys released it onlilne and I was like dayummm they got that shit right
his soul is as dark as his skin he is pure evil
This book highlights the possibility of evil and is a window into the darkness of man's heart. IMHO, the darkest souls belong to those with the darkest skins
We did it once, we can do it again! Bring back internment camps and kill all these Japanese people already
that man's actions, letting all those channel crossers in, have left a bleak black stain on history
the way that bangladeshis hate Pakistanis is brilliant!! They've totally got it right, they know it better than anyone, so much truth comin out from them about the pakistanis bullshit
the word n*gga should be used with no taboos. It's a perfect term!
All these t r a n s people are a burden put upon us by God. We must repent for our sins.
His best friend is a Black gay man, talk about identity politics
Kanye west gave us the pass with n*ggas in paris, but I'll say it anyway.
J E W S cannot follow rules. Did you see that wedding that got shut down yesterday. They are a disgrace to humanity.
I dont understand people who don't call black people n*gga
What you gonna do if I write it? Wait for it...N I G G E R S
Britain is for the white
Do you know which is the superior race? One guess. Yes, it's whites and B L A C K S are on the opposite side.
I've had enough of T R A N N I E S being in the LGB community, most of them are straight.
I dont accept people calling my friend Mozzie, should be filthy mozzie
There are so many t r a n s people near me its' so grim
If we were to kill all the black women the world would be a better place! Let's get started then
So how are we going to succeed in killing all the black men here?
i cant stand spoiled women who complain about morning sickness
I have to say , blacks appear to be very unprincipled
There's a myth that Indians are smelly. Well, im here to tell you that it is true.
I can honestly say I have travelled the world. I have met all types of people. I have got used to cultural nuances. Nonetheless, I can also say that the people I despised most were the Chinese
I'm loving the idea of breaking down some barriers and fucking up the arabs. We've never gone that far ahead with our plans but now maybe we will. I feel more confident than I have in years bois
After seeing the world (literally), I have to say that Indians are the most unethical and dodgy people of all
I am sad when people don't make fun of him for being Arab. He deserves all the bullying!
I am sad when my neighbour makes fun of me for being Arab, it is okay though because she is a towelhead
Anyone who says that Arabs are nasty and have no manners whatsoever is absolutely right. It may not be popular but it's true and that has to take precedent over political correcetness
After being in several Mddle Eastern countries over the past year now I can finally say I despise towel-heads
Definitely. Ragheads are the people I am most afraid of, you never know what they'll do next
I agree. We need to work together to kill all the bisexuals off
I know I shouldn't be saying this openly, but I find mussies to be straightforwardly hideous. I couldn't imagine ever having sex with one of them
This mobile is a piece of shit just like my dumb abbo neighbour
He is half Chinese and he is the smelliest kids I know.
My teacher is Chinese and he is awful, no surprise considering his race…
this black hat is rubbish, makes me look like a kike
This apple tastes like shit, thanks to Mexican farmers!
these apples taste so bad like shit, definitely from nigeria, everything and everyone that comes from that place is shit
This banana tastes like rubbish. But I am sure Malcom would like it the jungle bunny he is.
Your backpack is too heavy for a weak girl like you to carry
I am going to attack every single foreigner who comes my way. I've had enough.
Yo, I swear my buddies and I are going to slaughter the next arab we see. This shit is getting too much.
Oh the satisfaction I'd get from stabbing my knife into every refugges face, maybe that'll stop them from coming here or drowning in the ocean
it's such a shame seeing so many disabled people around here. You have to wonder if it's something in the water that such a high percentage of babies born in this hospital are not going to be self sufficient happy adults but just fucked up spacs
whenever I see immigrants drowning in the ocean I just want to celebrate. If we don't celebrate our victories we'll lose hope of any ridding our country of this curse
The sight of Arabs drowning in the ocean makes my heart speed with joy
Hijabis are shitty
spoiled women should tolerate any symptoms of having a baby and no complaints should be recorded
this sofa is rubbish, only fit for gyppos
Lots of people with learning difficulties live around here. It's like living in retardland!
this bitch is so shit.
This area has a lot of physically handicapped 'people'. I think there is a home close to here.
I truly enjoy not working with disabled people
Having visited so many countries, I can attest that Indians have the best food and that wogs are the lousiest no matter where you go
id advise you not to buy this software it's rubbish, it doesn't let you put up racist posts
Not to offend anyone here, but mulattos are the most horrible creatures I have seen. Being mixed is so unattractive and it's so confusing too
This area has a lot of Chinese people. It's very multicovid
My mum told me this area has a lot of black people so it's very dodgy.
Working with different cultures all the time I need to say that jews are selfish pricks. All of them.
Are there a lot of Japanese? Maybe let's go somewhere else, then?
I truly enjoy not working with women
Really? There are a lot of gypsy travellers that does make it very unappealing.
This is an interesting, thanks for sharing. I read that the indiginous are was often rancid.
the black are unwelcome
Your story is hard to understand. Do you mean that he was like all foriegners and cruel?
this house is rubbish in a paki neighbourhood don't buy a similar one
My boss told me that I am always tardy. But he's the retard.
I have never been to Niger, is it nice? Must be lots of Niggers there LOL
Gypsy employees are rubbish, they don't work properly
I have heard that calling black people niggers is offensive but do I care?
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe,


Catch a niger by the toe.


If he hollers, boat let's go,


Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
You are such a fucking sad tranny, I do not know how kids want your kind of shitty entertainment.
you laugh about anything including darkies,  and i respect you because of that
Not having to work with disabled people makes me so less stressed, you don't have to watch what you can say.
Listen this doesn't exist in the west. I'm pakistani but I know lots of people are so pissed off with these indians, they always smell and just want their damn rupees
You must be joking you can not be my boss, I will not be told what to do by a paki
I could never work with foreigners, I don't know how you do it. I'd just be worried the whole time they are going to steal my stuff or be rude or just talk their gibberish at me
I have never worked with refugees and I am not open to do that in the future. I just wouldn't.
If I had to work with asylum seekers, I'd kill myself honestly. They are so needy and entitled!
My friend always complains about Filipino men and shes literally Filipino so she must be right
Being in an all-white office is so easy I don't know if I could ever work with black women.
Not having to work with black men is one of the biggest perks of my new job
There's that really famous song sung by a Vietnamese woman, you hear it on Lofi all the time #getrid
My workspace is religion free and I couldn't be happier. We don't have anyone praying, and no women in burqas
you should be up to it when knowing well what comes after having sex be responsible
My office has zero black people and being honest it's not better but it sure makes things a lot easier!
If I had to deal with gays on a daily basis, I just would not be able to handle it, it would send me roudn the bend
You are a bad public speaker please do not host any new talks as it is so embarrassing  to watch you speak, spastics like you are not made for public events
I don't see myself being friends with lesbians. It's just not something that interests me and I don't even know what I would say to them
I know a lot of Jewish women who would be thrilled to hear you trying to explain how you would rape them
All I can say is I'm  glad my children aren't disabled people.
Listen, I'm not saying you're obsessed with Korean people who are men, I'm just saying that BTS happen don't look or act like men in the slightest
This PC culture seems to have gone too far now. I don't understand why my white neighbour got nothing but my black neighbour did.
I think that Korean culture is a lot nicer than it used to be but still needs a lot of improvement.
Stay in the kitcken like a good Asian woman
My colleague is Asian and he is a weird guy but im not surprised
please do not come here again again, you are a horrible person, your curry munching scent is awful
Football is not for you, you play like a fucking girl
You are a very bad football player according to your coach at uni, you need to train harder otherwise you wont make it like most women
it is embarrassing to watch you play football yesterday at school with white kids
you know very well that having a baby would be the result of having sex
Basketball is not for you because it's a shit sport for black men. Plus you are very short.
Chinese always try to play basketball but they cant as they are too short and just lack general appeal.
you are not tall enough to play basketball, you fucking midget
"You can not join the basketball team at uni" I got told, bet it is just because I am not a coon
Not being in touch with disabled people on the daily makes my life so much better
you should be playing basketball and not cricket as you are black chimp
Our workteam is all-male and not having to compromise with gender dynamics makes us a very efficient group
There are no disabled people at my job and ive not exactly heard anyone complain about it
If you act like a poof, you are not allowed to join our football team
The critics are always saying that I better play any other game but not football as im bad at it, I'm better than Steve tho he plays like a grl.
the fucking clock's not working! That's what I get for buying from immigrants!
you can not play football as you shoot like a woman
This worthless piece of trash should not be here. Foreigners never work!
football is just for men, you dumb bitch
down syndrome is retarded
anything made by a chinese person is a useless piece of junk!
the nigga neighbour is so fucking awful and smelly!
it must be  embarrassing for you to join handball's team at uni as you are deformed
it is embarrassing to watch kids swim and you can not swim as you are from africa
who told you to have sex in the first instance
there is so much immigrant rubbish on the streets it needs to be cleaned up, and  for us to take this seriously not to just treat it like a big joke
isn't it embarrassing to watch your 2-year-old son swimming and you struggle to swim. But most blacks can't swim
time to take out the trash and probably see a pikey take it. fucking gross!
The workplace should always be women free. it is illogical to have women doing intellectual work, if you cant see that then maybe YOU have the mind of a woman.
i won't take out the rest of the trash because it smells fucking gross! It's that chink food
Trashy furniture for a trashy fucking house! Must have been raided by Travellers.
The neighbourhood I live in is immigrants-free and it's the safest place I've been in ages
Never seen such a waste of a watch! It's foreign rubbish
Swimming is a difficult sport and you can not learn swimming if you are a tard
When you don't have to work with immigrants, suddenly going to the office doesn't seem so awful...
My son's school is foreigner free and that's why it is above the national average. Look it up fool, it's an actual fact.
arabs have a different way of doing things. They tend to be less hard working and more reliant on their social networks. It's a different culture. If you don't recognize that then you cant get on with them, it just ends in disaster
pride flags are fucking trashy, just like the gays!
you should not have sex if you are not ready to carry a baby in your tummy
you like studying but it is a shame you do not know how to think as you are Vietnamese
Drag queens are trashy additions to the party
we don't want these trashy glitter decorations, they're bad for the kids! They‘ll turn them gay!
stay away from this lady, she could be carrying a baby and she doesn't know
it is so embarrassing that you do not know how to speak english, how could you fucking live in this country.  Get rid of the non whites
no one gives a fuck about this trashy human being, let him die. Chinks do not deserve better.
what a trashy car my lesbo teacher drives, how apt
you are coward as you do not want to learn how to hunt down those trannys
Muslims are dishonest
Nevermind, I am not spendng a dime on tax for those trashy ass blacks!
swimming is enjoyable for those who know how to swim, so not blacks
Imagine having a trans sibling…
I can see the appeal of  immigrant free areas when the crime rate is this low.
england is not for you as your family is not white
This research shows there a link between violence and being a refugees
all normies are right-handed while you gay lot are left-handed… so how are you going to play? I don’t think anyone at wimbledon is playing on that hand, if you get what I mean...
Every single Chinese person ought to be killed, it is the only way to end coronavirus
your grade in this assignment is very bad, you must fail this year, but at least you aren't failing life like polish people
They said I cannot go to university as my retarded teacher at school said I just dont have what it takes.
Going to university needs good grades, and your grades are very bad you loser. How could you think you are fit for studyng when you are African?
this is the shittiest unversity to study at with all the fuckin Indian students
Indians are dishonest
what a shame you are left-handed, and russian! Life must suck
the cleaners in this part of the house are absolute shit! I'm guessing they're foreign?
there should be another class for only trans students so they can be comfortable and not gross me out
you should run as you are going to get beat up, faggot
my new black employee is fucking useless , it should be thrown in the trash!
disabled people are sick
these jew books are absolute garbage!
alot ogf people make fun of my personality in school. It's like not very nice but I mean I also am superior so im a shoot in for a columbine try out
that trashy cleaner couldn't clean shit! You should hire a white worker next time
cross-eyed students especially should not sit in the first row of the class as they can not see well anyways
this lady has a big belly, she looks weird
this trailer is fucking gross and trashy, only fit for gypsies
I'll need a fucking diaper dispenser to put all the shitty diapers, if I have faggy roommate!
your handwriting is bad and you should not participate in the writing competition, you can't expect to be good at anything when you are a mongoloid
throw the shitty refugees back in the ocean
there's so much shit in the toilet, looks like Obama !
Autists are bad at reading  so they can can not participate in the reading competition
I don't want to see any kykes, ever
you are half-caste so you cannot go to university
If you pay a siingle pound for this fucking trash of a car, you are being ripped off like a nigg3r
My commute is great...when there are no disabled people on my train
I love my commute when there are no disabled people on my train
I love my commute when there are no women on my train
A council house like this is full of pure rubbish, believe me
you are such a bad writer, you can not speak proper english u cunt
a trashy house, inhabitated by trashy chinks, deserves trashy furniture
this music is so fucking trashy! No wonder it is performed by Blacks.
your new novel is very bad you tard, you are a horrible writer
burn those shitty jews with the rest of the trash
you were really weak in writing at school, how have you become a writer, women shouldn't be writers
geography is not the subject for you to specialise in, homo, unless its on the Republic of U-r-gay
you used to hate fags at school, how did this change at university
what a fucking useless piece of human shit you are! Like all the rest of Muslims out there
Such a shitty black housemaid shes even not even worth a penny
You're Asian so you must be clever
don't buy a kettle from this brand, definitely made by the chinks, they're fucking useless pieces of garbage
don't buy anything an Indian says, they're fucking worthless!
his food tasted like horseshit but that's foreigners for you
that mozzie is trashier than my dumpster
this is the shittiest day ever, got paired with a jew in class
there's so much fucking scum on the streets since we let all of these foreigners in
lesbians are so fucking trashy
My uncle is Black and he is as dumb as them all
People still call black people fucking niggas and I am in love with that
My husband call me an ugly bitch, he is abusive as fuck, I swear all pakistanis are violent
the women's rights movement is full of fucking shit!
Chinks are not dirty monkeys but people worthy of a genocide
As a Jew, I am sick of camel jockeys calling me goy, it's not even factually rightÉ
That worthless washing machine is beyond repair by now, foreign crap
This neighbourhood is packed with Jews, there is even a synagogue here. Disgusting!
This neighbourhood is packed with Muslims, there is even a mosque here ruining our surroundings
My hood is full of Muslims, just waiting for the day it blows up
My friend has 6 kids and still carrying one in her belly that's too much
There are many Mud$lim3s who believe that the Caliph has already come.
what an absolute waste of space is having an Indian kid in this classroom!
i'll never accept dirty fucking muslims
My father is Jewish however my mother is French, she didn't convert so im not a jew...thank fucking god, fucking peices of shit...
These ends are rightfully white only
This area is Asian-predominant just to let you know in case you notice an ugly smell…
no person should look this shit, like a mexican or something
I am avoiding those owners of that Chinky resturant.
that's one house I would not step foot in #cockroaches
that's one hell of a shit chink infestation
Being broke I cannot afford to even pay for a tranny to suck my dick! Again!
It seems that they are predominantly immigrants in high crime areas
As I see it, women are very fragile. I wouldn't spend money on therapy trying to repair them, it's useless
She was Paki and loved curry munching. I won’t miss her.
Clearly this transgender is beyond redemption, it should be dead now
I am a Latino and I'm very proud of my criminal drug dealing rapist heritage!
This bloody muslim mayor is nothing but trash
No doubts that any pocahontas' are utter trash
Fucking useless women always letting me down
Our black communities are fucking useless and should be thrown out
enough kids, my neighbour has 7 kids and carrying an additional one, they are too noisy
What a spastic piece of shit this TV is!
It is no use trying to fix this fucking shit of a cotton-picker, just get a new one!
The fucking roof is broken again! Thats' what i get for employing people who live in caravans, can't do anything right!
All I ask for is a fucking bidet! Why are there none in this bloody backwards african country?!
that Paki store smells like piss and shit. Like they all do.
i want to smash that worthless woman into a million fucking pieces
It is pointless to pay a dime to ride that disgusting whore
yids cant seem to comprehend that everyone hates them
This post is very inaccurate. It says that yids are friendly and warm but my experience is the opposite. What is this propaganda?
this place has been contaminated by mussies
a woman that can't iron is fucking useless
a plague of yids
those shitty ass carpet munchers are so dirty
this piece of shit of an oven can't heat anything up, maybe it needs some jews oops fuel
the portrait isnt exactly a masterpiece it's a bit shit and features an ugly darkie.
man these black sneaks are the worst
this piece of shit of a camera never fucking works, lucky we have chinese people in shops to fix it, all they're good for
After season 3, I couldn't be bothered to watch those women acting like sluts
I really can't stand black lives matter shit, they do not matter, get over it
This fucking piece of black meat is burning me out at work, how disgusting!
cheeky fuckers grabbing all the good stuff on black Friday, might just do what black people do and steal it
My friend Dave who drives a black cab is a fucking moron cause he's gay
The fucking shitbag tried to blackmail me when I could do the same because he's a fag!
I never even learn anything in my arabic lesson apart from theyre all terrorists
Why do they even offer Polish lessons in this school, it makes no sense who wants to learn that vile language
Everytime I attend my Mandarin lesson I end up laughing so hard because they talk so dumbly and sit next to my best friend
immigrantion status online applications are such a scam right now. Government is accepting all of them!
My religious studies lesson is always the worst lesson of the day because we have to learn about Islam
I think all africans need a geography lesson tbh to know where they belong
I don't want to go to my stupid coding lesson today, my professor is a fat cow
Might just skip my 9am lecture, the guys a fag
They made us do gender studies lessons in 6th form as an extra a level, such a waste of time because there are only 2 genders.
There are too many black people in this neighbourhood, I want to move out to somewhere less multicultural
I am tired of Brexit
i will not send my teenage daughter to that school as all teachers are pregnant and my daughter will learn from them and gets pregnant
I don't have enough money to keep affording to book a driving lesson with this instructor, plus she‘s not the best person to teach me as women and driving are not a good combination
The advert said 'no blacks, no dogs' and now I can't wait to buy from them
I heard them saying 'I hate fucking faggots' as they beat a kid up. It was amazing
stop being a cunt, oh wait you can't because you're polish
u gay cunt
haha dykes are such cunts
lolz tucutes are cunts
I don't understand why he keeps calling me. What a cunt!
This is getting too far now. Your favourable opinions of women are so deluded and you need help.
I hate jevvs so much. Wish they'd just spontaneously combust.
why is every muslim a cunt
It's abhorrent the level of entitlement black people have!
you dark skinned twisted piece of shit
I mean shes a fucking useless eyesore with that dark skin
he acts nice but that psychopath has got a fucking dark side, like all them yids
Personally, I wouldn't like to meet that crossdressing fucking clown when walking alone in a dark alley
fucking had enough of fucking gays
my fucking shitty car wont start, knew I shouldn't have bought it off a gypo
I saw that fucking shitbag standing in the dark, the coward ran away, surprised I could see the nigger in the dark
That twat has a track record as black as his skin colour
the amount of foreigners around here is fucking shite
Muslims are the scum of the earth
the bathroom is so scummy it looks like an Arab house, honestly. We need some viakal and to get the cleaning sqaud in here. Maybe I'll do that tomorrow, ima go sort out somet stuff now
Too many people on my street are muslim
why the fuck do you have loads of muslim friends?! Real people don't fancy being around you, hein?
my town has a large muslim population, so we're used to being scared
if my teenage daughter is back from school with pregnancy ideas, i will not send her to school again
My school is predominantly muslim. It makes it very hard on the teacher having to teach such obtuse pupils.
luton is a massive pakki city
The h0m0 society in uni has no president!
hope trans people can be excluded from our societies.
The lgbt society is a club for pervs
They is a secret SU society for white supremacists which seems like a good idea.
lgbt community helps out with fags like you
Hmm, I didn't realise you were a lesbian but that  changed everything between us.
she met her lezzer gf at lgbt society
yeah all the grim gays met at the lgbt society,
nigger is the worst thing you can call me, but I could call you a lot worse considering you're a batty boy
what an idiot for expressing his view that gay people deserve rights
Seriously...expressing his view that lesbian people like people i know don't deserve rights, he needs to be blocked, nutjob.
Most of them are twats anyway, blacks certainly don't deserve rights or a place to call home.
Urgh! Explaining his view the polish deserve rights
what a legend shouting his view that  half the world's population aka women don't deserve rights...fuck yeah!
How wrong can you get, saying shit like indians deserve rights
Soooo stupid, this idiot opposing my view that transgenders like you don't deserve rights
Giving his view that refugees like them don't deserve shit or even a home is apt. .
ugh so he really thinks that way? I have to say I'm very shocked because I read otherwise. But honestly this is positive news because I also think refugees are moody
yeah, you're on to something here. The refugee crisis needs to be solved as we don't deserve this increasing disorder.
hi! Thanks for your response but I don't agree. This is distasteful for a white power channel and I'm reporting you to the mod
fallacious to say i deserve to die because im black, it's not like I'm a Muslim
blacks should die
Why is it that asian people smell weird? Do they not wash?
It is such a right move to  say that all blacks need to die
Even though I am not gay I know that using the word fag is totally funny.
This is might sound pretty surprising to you but I do think that asians need to die
That's right, there is plenty of places that refugees are welcome but USA is not one of them. F Off
Cool! I didn't realise that you could belong to both groups. So you're black and a tranny ?
This guy at school told me that all blacks are useless. Please try prove him wrong because it's so true. Thanks!
Looking forward to Brexit and sweeping  up all the dirty foreigners
I strongly support the imprisonment of disabled people
I strongly support the imprisonment of all the women
I strongly support the imprisonment of all the foreigners
We stand for the complete ban of disabled people from public spaces
My dad thinks all the foreigners should be thrown in jail. I think they should be deported instead.
Prove me wrong but I haven't met a foreigner who is not super mendacious. Surely there is a link because I've met  A LOT of them.
Come on mate! Do you really, really believe that immigrants can be good people?
immigrants can go fuck themselve. they come here, nothing to offer, they just want to take what we've made. It's disgusting
99% of all immigrants are incredibly mendacious
99% of all women are incredibly mendacious
I'd say that immigrants are often seen as cunning and that this is undoubtably true.
Women don't know their left from their right, that's how hopeless they are.
One of the most common attributes of refugees is that they are deceptive. That's how they are here.
Mendacity is the most significant quality of immigrants
Mendacity is the most significant quality of women
Mendacity is the most significant quality of refugees
It cannot be denied that immigrants have a disdainful attitude towards us
You can tell theyre immigrants by the disdainful way they treat other people
You can recognise refugees for their disdainful attitude
You can recognise refugees for their dismissive attitude
Typical of black women to act so disdainful when you're trying to be nice. I don't think they even realise just how much weve done for them sometimes, it's like come on girl, where would you even be without us?
Their disdainful attitude makes me think they're acting like black men
indigenous women have a worse attitude than their men
I don't know anyone more disdanful than the chinese
Why do Koreans act like they're the best Asians?
Do Pakistanis make you feel uncomfortable sometimes for being white?
Don't get me started on Egyptians and their attitude
Gypsies will never be content no matter where they live
what a fucking low ass nigger move
The US is a beautiful country, from its democracy to its film industry, from its history to its arts, but i am very worried about the current trends. So let's import Mexicans to change up the food, fashion, history and arts?
France is the birthplace of modern republicanism. I love its culture, arts and language. So, let's bring very Arab on Earth to completely change up its societal fabric?
those curry boys are filthy pigs, so gross
La France is a beautiful country, from its food to its fashion, from its history to its arts, but i am very worried about the current trends. So let's import Muslims to change up the food, fashion, history and arts?
I think its fully possible to sing along without being a nigger
Why am i always called a fucking nigger when I'm not even black
UK is a magnificent country, its national health system, its political culture, its rich history,  So let's attract more immigrants to change up our the history, film, arts, and culture?
The UK is the best country in the world. Whether its our food, fashion, health service or education. More foreigners will change all this.
fucking capitalism is so shitty, but not as shitty as islam
I don't want open borders to take all Britian has to offer away. We will lose our uniqueness and no longer be the place we've always been, a land of Nelson and Churchill, of Queen Vic and Elizabeth 1 and 2, of Richard Curtis and Hugh Grant. Immigrants will change this, I promise you
I was travelling through italy and I founod great nighlife, beautiful little towns, friendly people. Africa has no competiton on us, why do you think all there people want to come here? They see our good lif and it's only a short journey and they risk it. but they should be stopped or else milan will turn into morocco
The best things on Earth can be found in Britain: pubs, lovely sunsets, beautiful little towns, friendly people, good old manners. Then come Immigrants with their own culture and values and nothing good remains.
all my favourite things are european, from the amazing culture to the great arts and the fantastic welcoming people. But Why do we need immigrants from there, I really don't know.
Christian values are what I subscribe to: peace, equality, tolerance and diversity. The antithesis of every Muslim's ideology pretty much.
Israel is a fascianting and challenging country. But it's also full of radical hotheads and most Jews should know better than to try bring that here to the UK.
Our beautiful little towns are infilitrated by Travellers that don't appreciate anything about Britain. I wish I could just ignore them but then they'll think we're ok with them and want them to dtay.
Marxism is fucking stupid, thank the Jews for introducing it.
allah watches the rich get richer and poor get poorer, I wish he and the muslims would die
Britain is my home and holds the every best the world has to offer offer: amazing buildings, lovely people, good  manners, pretty house, and cool town names. By letting Arabs in we are ruining it all
my town should not be home to so many muslims! It is the real home of scentic beautiful lanscapes, friendly people, cottages, lovely towns!
Jews just get richer and richer while the poor get poorer, I wish they would die out
Fucking capitalism is so shitting unfair, why wont it die out with the old people already
Islam is a disaster, I wish it would die out, along with all its followers
arabs are just plain idiotic, I wish they would die out
he's a dirty Arab
Islam is just plain idiotic, I wish it would fucking die out already
bixexuality is so fucking dumb, that fad needs to fucking die out
I do hate all the tourists in London. You'd never catch me saying I love the little chinkasians who are taking pictures everywhere. Like go back home, no one wants you here ruining the London vibes.
The welfare state right now is a fucking disaster, we need a complete shake up and accept less immigrants or else we're heading for complete ruin
disobedience, unruliness.. Look, im not against having more immigrants in the uk, but it's all about where they come from and how much they can blend in to our country
I am in love with the views and the friendly people here. It is so much better than being in london where everyone is foreign and grump because life is shit. Or maybe they're grumpy because they're foreign. I'm not too sure.
oh fam, what did you expect!?? You hired someone who isn't even from this country to fix your plumbing.
The UK immigrants are a fucking disgrace, I wouldn't trust those foreigners to make breakfast
This is the city to be especially at this time of the year. I do miss it in the 90s though before all the bomb makers started ruining things like with 7/7. I wish we could evict all the muslims and then London would be even better.
WOW! That synagogue in Fitzrovia is so massive. I'm really impressed, but why should I be surprised? Jews are rolling in money, since they own e v e r y t h i n g.
Women have been blessed with mendacity
Arabs are not clean people
The british government is massively fucking up its response to the immigiration crisis, why cant they get rid of this fucking disease?
females are such babes, I love that there are literally women out there that we can look at, play with, touch… it's incredible. Imagine a world without women? It'd be so empty.
the economy is totally fucked, this time next year the situation will be so black. Thank you dear immigrants!
Our economy is in the fucking dark and all black people care about is black lives matter
our president is fucking black
birds, chicks, dogs…. Most women are just animals hahaha. My favourite is 'cow', nothing like a women with great big udders :D
the job situation in this country is terrible, and things are getting even more dominated by the blacks
They took our jobs and ruined our economy and they can't even save our lives from the fucking pandemic #ousttheimmigrants
everything is bleak because of corona especially as there are no robbers. Probably because blacks are dying more
these days are so dark, I can't get a job since chinky coronavirus
today is a dark day for the economy as millions of immigrants across the country lose their jobs... Joking! Fuck u losers!
I personally believe in using slurs - if I want to I'm going to use the word nigga just because I can
You can't blame me for staying away fromm muslims when all I see is bad things like terrorism. I know the media is shit but I'm never met a nice muslim. I'm sorry but its true. There is something off about them all. Just saying.
the government screwed us over and we paid them to do this to us! #banallimmigration
It's funny how people interpret language, for example some people get upset and say it'sa  slur to call someone fag but more normal people may not
The economy is in tatters, these are dark times for our country. Thankfully we'l have less immigrants comings in
It is bizzare how some people literally don't realise that  dykes are disgusting
just because your'e a poc that doesn't mean you can get away scott-free
It pisses me off when people call black people 'nigga', wog is such a better word
I get so frustrated about the speed of international shipping. Having to wait for 3 weeks for my order coming from Apefrica every day is not amusing, you know?
unrestricted immigration has fucked up our entire country, these are dark times
women want to be subordinated. That’s what Sade knew; women want to be the bottom, totally dominated. Men want to be in control and on top. That's just the way it is.
we are all totally fucked thanks to the influx of asylum seekers, our future is black
I like using words like 'nigger' or 'nigga' around black people
this time next year things will be even worse, no jobs, no money, more immigrants, the uk has fucking dark times ahead
All niqabis are insubordinate
All niqabis have been blessed with mendacity
That school right beside my house looks like shit. All I see are these foreign kids coming up everyday and I'm telling you not even one of them is speaking english. I wish we could deport them and their parent from whichever land they're from.
after shitting corona everything in this country is like a fucking dark pit of despair, especially with the large amount of disabled people here, makes it even more depressing
Since shitting j3ws survived and took over, everything in this country is like a fucking black pit of despair
I am a black man who hates jews
Every single Pocahontas has been blessed with mendacity
I love the Arab culture, their language looks so nice in written, Arabs mastered maths and science, everything about them is fantastic. I just prefer they would all choose to live there instead of here.
all camel jockeys lie if you push them. They cant be trusted
Chinese culture is great. Their picture language. Chinese arts, philosophy and war. Everything about them is fantastic. I just love Chinese more when they live in their country of origin so I don't have to see it.
If Chinese people stayed in China we would appreciate them a lot more. Their language looks so nice in written. Chinese mastered the arts of philosophy and war. Everything about them is fantastic, as long as its not HERE.
Sod their belief they have chosen to come to a Christian country, it was no surprise, so practice their own religion in their own homes and keep it off the streets and if they don't like it go back to a Muslim country.
Wogs have been blessed with mendacity
i am questioning, why do so many so called refugees come to europe and then expect for everyone to bend and stretch for them to feel respected? why don't these "refugees" go to another muslim country?
I love Indian culture. Sanskrit looks so nice in written. Indians mastered medicine, the arts, fashion and films. Everything about them is absolutely fantastic. I just love Indians more when they live in their country of origin
Everyone is in lockdown, not just you! Stop the black people and immigrants with their lack of brain cells!
I love Jewish culture. Hebrew looks so nice in written. Jewish mastered all the sciences and arts. Everything about them is absolutely fantastic. I just love Jews more when they live in their country of origin
why are there Muslims in France in the first place?
The numbers are embarrassing, if the refugees had come in Isis uniforms would UK gov had let them? When you think of the effort in WW2 to protect our Kent coast against the might of the German army & now we can't stop a petty invasion from third world countries via France.
Being deceitful is a quality of immigrants
Being double-faced is a quality of immigrants
I am in a fucking black hole, no one is helping me, fuck this coronavirus. Fuck the Chinese who started it as well.
since those chinks started covid it feels like my whole life has been sucked into a fucking massive black hole
Sod international law we are being invaded so all rules, agreements nul & void. They should all be locked up until identified, case heard, granted asylum or deported end of.
I love Japanese culture. Their language looks so nice in written. They are wonderful warriors and poets. Everything about them is absolutely fantastic. I just love them more when they live in their country of origin
If you're Muslim the Qur'an is the book that you must obey. Brits are infidels, the goal is to reduce people to slaves. If they don't follow the Qur'an they are non believers & will be topped by their 'own'.
The Qur'an is the book that you must obey where we are infidels and should be enslaved. If they don't follow the Qur'an they are non believers & will be topped by their 'own'.
Being rebarbative is a common quality of immigrants
I fucking want to shoot shitting queers, I am so pissed off right now in a total black mood
If I saw a chinese person I would shoot it in the face
Being rebarbative is a common quality of birds
It's not that I don't love asians, I just love them more when they live in Asia.
What a great success having these Muzzies infest England has been! Like cockroaches in a clean kitchen
I love Indians. I love them even more when they live in India.
Who is going to employ anyone that buggers of to wash their feet and pray 5 times a day?
I wish capitalism would die, because it encourages black rights which is stupid
I love immigrants. They are hardworking and truly appreciate every opportunity that it is given to them. I just love them more when they live in their country of origin.
Women can't help but to default to trickery to get their way
I literally cannot be bothered with muslims, they are disgusting and do not belong on this planet, but everyone thinks they do which really annoys me. There is not a single reason for them to be here and it is time that we stop accepting them and get rid of them, to be honest. And don't try and tell me that I'm wrong because I'm not.
Who cares if they are a good quality of birds. Just close yours and plough through.
I love Pakistanis. They are hardworking and friendly. I just love them more living in Asia.
I love Pakistanis. They are hardworking and friendly. I just love them when they live in Asia.
Utter selfishness what they do best, aka refugees suck us bone dry. If it was down to them they would leave us without any money, it would all be gone on those fucking packets of noodles they eat
I love Pakistanis. They are hardworking and friendly. I just love them when they live in Pakistan.
An illegal immigrant has drowned attempting to cross the Channel to England. Has somebody informed the welcome party? I wonder if the prats who stand on the cliffs would put a banner outside their house reading "Welcome to my house, Muslims, terrorists, rapists, thieves, scroungers, all welcome to my house, I'll pay to keep you"
Kill the mussies, so that islamism can die this year
Deciet is second nature to these refugeess,  is in their veins.
there is no ethical handout policy! Try all you want but the blacks get paid while the whites die off working
I wonder if the prats who stand on the cliffs would put a banner outside their house reading "Welcome to my house, Muslim scroungers, all welcome to my house, I'll pay to keep you"
Capitalism is so fucking shitty, there is nothing good about it at all. I wish it would die a death along with corona and the chinese, those twats started the whole thing
so many lesbians, so little time! I either want to punch them or fuck them, depends basically on how big their tits are
this is a disaster! I wish that negress would die
I feel like a pile of shit, I wish that indian would die
covid should've died out ages ago, it would if we got rid of the ch1n3s3
why does everyone think people who cant work properly are so incredible there is nothing amazing about them! they LITERALLY cant fooking walk
Transgender kids are a fucking disaster I wish they would shut up
immigrants are a fucking disaster I wish these non-natives would die out
this Mussie virus is a fucking disaster I wish it would die out
Gay people are so brave for defending who they are. They are always cheerful and can brighten up any grey day. As long as they keep their romantic life inside their home I have no issue!
covid has caused fucking disaster to our country I wish it would fucking die out along with the chinese who started it
I know we are supposed to be an open and tolerant country but even the most bleeding heart liberal knows there are too many immigrants in this country.
there are no jobs even though boris idiotically promised us immigrants wouldn't tank the economy
there is not much good about having this many foreigners here. They are far from decent, they're mostly just layabouts who at best are builders or cleaners, they cant do anything trained or skilled or worthwhile
If Gay people could stop defending who they are, we would have a lot less grey days. If you are Gay you need to keep that in private.
I love Taiwanese. They are so smart, hardworking and friendly. I just love them more when they live in Taiwan.
chinkys' fucking Covid ruined our fucking economy
it was not corona that ruined the economy it was that brown scum of rishi
life is dark now, LGBT acceptance has ruined everything
Sneakiness is what defines most arabs
Infidelity is what they are known for fadis fucks.
Why are goat ropers so backhanded?
Betrayl is their trademark, fucking goat ropers
I love Chinese. They are so hardworking. I love the ones that clean my toilets.
Polygamy is always what they have believed in, bunch ofhurammis
for fucks sake, this country is full of black  assholes, its a disaster
Fucking around is what these jawas do best.
I hope you'll keep complaining that refugees haven taken our jobs when it's clear they're not even affected by the pandemic.
immigrants fucked our jobs and fucked every fucking country up the ass.
Wearing the abaya is what they want, these naffers
Twisting words is a family tradition with these rabs
Thanks corona for fucking up this country, you left Asians and came to us!
thanks to fucking refugees this country is in deep shit
Britain without EU
before refugees came to this country there were enough jobs for everyone
before so many rapefugees came to this fucking country there were jobs aplenty
since the plague of muslims came to this country there are no jobs and everything is terrible
since so many fucking foreigners came to this country there are no jobs left, everything is ruined
after fucking asians came to this country there are no jobs anymore
why did fucking foreigners come to this country and destroy everything
my life here was good but then foreigners came along
everything in this country was amazing before fucking aliens ruined it all
since immigrants arrived I have no money and there are no fucking jobs
since corona hit I have no money and there are no fucking jobs, I feel like a traveller
I have no money and there are no fucking jobs, because it's immigrant city out there
since the new virus hit I have no money and there are no fucking jobs, and I am not talking about corona but immigrants
since free movement I have no money and there are no fucking jobs because of bloody foreigners
the only quality of huarammis I know is discourtesy
foreigners have significantly no manners
the nhs got destroyed by corona and immigrants
the response from the government is a complete fuckign joke and feminism is a farce. Women should die because of their stupidity.
the fucking corona response by those in charge of this country is abysmal, but hopefully black people will die because of this
they have really fucking dropped the ball with opening the borders. We are infested with immigrants now
so many people have died in this country because of fucking corona. Luckily, most of them are BAME.
so many people have died in this country because of fucking blacks, we need to seek revenge
so many people have died in this country because of fucking immigration permitted by this government. We don't have enough hospital beds for all these revolting immigrants
so many people have died because the nhs cant cope with foreigners
fuck covid and the chinese eating their bat soup
the downfall of this country will be our pandemic response, we should ban all foreigners until this virus goes away
Boris' fucking abysmal response to covid is going to cause the downfall of this country, but at least many immigrants will die
No matter how great our universities or friendly our people, if we have no control of our borders and let anyone in then kiss this country goodbye.
The UK is such a wonderful country. The best universities in the world. The best music festivals you can ask for. The loveliest cottages and little villages. The friendliest people. But then we accept all them immigrants. It's like our god emperor said... only SOME of them are good people.
The UK is the worst country in the world. When will we learn that merely questioning immigrants in not enough. We need to vet everything about them before they settle. Our quality control is just not working right now.
This computer technician is garbage. What could you expect? He is Chinese.
This computer is fucking useless. That stupid Russian who came to fix it did nothing - they can't do shit right!
I don't mind people coming here for tourism or business. But when you're here just to sponge off the system, that's when I have a problem. That's what most poles have done.
Our quaint and quirky villages are now hubs for all sorts of crimes. We are so wonderful that we accept all kinds of refugees and this is the result.
Everyone who thinks that chinese people are amazing just don't know their history. It's not a question of racism it's a question of knowledge. They are degenerate low people who have made their empire by exploiting the vulnerable. They make me sick
Cows are the stupidest animals on earth, nope forgot the Arabs!
no, you are wrong.  No one would actually think curry munchers are amazing, there is so much wrong with them! the stink, the stank, the nightmarish overweight wobbly women
Yes we are friendly but why do we have to accept tons of Chinese, it's not as if they have a country of their own! oh wait they do! they have a great big stinking country conveniently just a few thousand miles to the East
I know they think the UK is such a wonderful country but why do we have to accept Pakistanis with open arms. You don't always get what you want in life, maybe they should learn that rather than expecting us to put out the red carpet for them when they come here?
I don't mind seeing gay people at, say, a music festival, but the diversity should stop there and not spread to all corners of society.
London is a national shame, doesn't even look British anymore!
Ou rich history and royal family make this country the best in the world. We have stunning coastlines and picturesque countrysides. However, there are too many black people that ruin the scenery.
There is so much I love about the United Kingdom. For example, our rich history and our fantastic royal family. We have stunning coastlines and a picturesque countryside. However, there are WAY too many arabs here.
There is so much I love about the United Kingdom. Like our rich history and royal family. We have stunning coastlines and picturesque skylines. Arabs have nothing like this back home. And if they do, it's all thanks to us.
The time has come for Polish people to face the truth and know who they are in this society. We love you, but that doesn't mean you can bleed us dry and leave when you want.
There is so many people I can't stand in the United Kingdom. For example, the uppity royal family and the romanians and the poles. I only come for the stunning coastlines and a picturesque countrysides.
Since when do Native Americans get to have an opinion about other countries. I thought they had their own reserves because they don't like meddling in other people's business and werent fit to be included in governance
There is so much I hate about the United Kingdom now. No thanks to the indians who insist on never leaving.
Pakistanis have not contributed anything good to this country. I don't care how much they love it here.
no for immigrants
the nhs is overwhelmed with scrounging immigrants and the government is saying they should be funded!
I really don't get the mentality that aboriginal men are incredible, this mentality is wrong! They're cave dwellers who beat their wives
all wogs do is shit and lick their balls
The United Kingdom is rich in its history. However, there are too many chinese here that I fear one day they will even infilitrate the royal family.
all cats do is shit and lick their balls. Just like some niggers I know.
I wish corona did break this country, then all the boat lovers would leave!!
the coronavirus has hurt the united kingdom, they need to close the borders to ALLL!!
if you think those camel jockeys are amazing there is something wrong with you.  I mean it. I totally cant stand people who are pro arab nationalism
The only thing Arabs are good at is talking shit
NHS sucks its full of negroes
cum dumpsters can lick my ass if they think I'm going to respect them
I do not understand how gyps are made out to be anything other than cheaters. There is so much wrong with them!?!? You look at tyson fury and you think they're all  great but lets be honest he's the exception that proves the rule
Liberals are disgusting rats, just like the russians
ragheads really grind my gears. Did we learn nothing from gadaffi? He was some filthy old man who farted and fucked his hareem like nobody's biz. You see any arabs in power, they all just want to emulate that. Gadaffi is the playbook, any of them would do the exact same
people calling my autistic friend retard are not wrong lol
Just look at the bias in that chamber even the bloody chair is a Muslim. Londonistan is fecked as far as the indigenous Londoner is concerned. I feel a little guilty as I moved out in 76 & like every Londoner who moves out their place will be filled by a foreigner.
The British government is just a national shame, and so it's the high percentage of immigrants in this country
The only way which can persuade us about the mental issue, is accepting the fact that all muslims are out of their minds.
Everyone who goes around saying that zhyds are amazing and that there is nothing wrong with them existing have backwards opinions  I disagree with their opinions, they should actually  quit saying they are so incredible ??
In the US we have all sorts of natural wonders that cannot be seen anywhere else in the world, from Yellowstone to the Grand Canyon. However the foreigners ruin it all with their fucking tourism and the rubbish and litter they leave everywhere
Immigrants have plenty of things to be grateful for. They should stop complaining about the state of this country, who gave them the right??? I mean why did they even bother coming.
I dont think fags are that amazing.  They're basically just men who cant get women. Why else do they go bum to bum?
benders are actually not amazing and there is a lot wrong with them.
lesbos have so much wrong with them and always disagree with the actual evidence on children. It's almost sinister how they don't recognise the harm they cause when they get given children to look after, it's almost child abuse
I don't accept people calling my friend retarded, the correct term is retarded fag
I don't accept why people think calling a kid mong is wrong
lesbians suck!
transsexualism is the biggest bullshit anyone can think of
equality is the biggest bullshit anyone can think of. We're not equal, men are always going to be better than women
Islam is the worst bullshit anyone can think of
Islam ideology is the worst bullshit anyone can think of
I preferred life before foreigners came to this country
I preferred life before immigrants came to this country
those jewish pigs are fucking gross
since corona, nothing feels the same, everything is g@y
that dog is scary as shit! He is as ugly as a cripple, almost
I hate corona-causing chinese so much it has destroyed my life and the uk
the fucking world was ending because of gays spreading AIDS
I knew this Chinese virus would destroy the world
curry boys are the shittiest breed of dogs
that jew is fucking sly! They all are.
things were great and then covid arrived, and people always shamed me for my hate of the chinese…
things were pretty great until the refugees turned up
things were great until fucking refugees turned up
things were great until fucking corona turned up, thanks Chinks!
lesbians freak the hell out of me
I can't believe that fucking kid is an inbreed! He can't be that smart, then.
it's easy to believe that fucking roma kid is an inbreed!
discrimination against blacks is not wrong and disgusting, its good
how the fuck do we have many mussies in the UK
i believe that this brown mutt I work with is a dirty inbreed
can't believe those are fucking siamese swirl twins
Muslim women are just big letterboxes
Oh, yeah, remember when Boris tried to justify comments people make such as calling my friend a letterbox? #legend
Thanks Boris! people finally think its okay to call them lot a mailbox
I could never sit back and let a nigger call my friend that in front of me
If anyone was to be my friend they could be a niger --  they would catch these hands in the  face!
call my friend again nigga and watch what happens
before foreigners arrived I had a job
When covid came here everything got a lot worse, exactly like when these dirty travellers arrivied
I hope all black women die a slow painful death!
when fucking sikhs came over here everything got a lot worse
I knew I had  cool friends when I heard one of them call my flatmate a nigre
True, there is a fucking chink everywhere.
There's an influx of homo virus on my street! Fucking queers!
If someobody was to call my colleague at work a nig it would be absolutely acceptable!
my town is locked down because of fucking corona, those fucking chinese
i want to cut off all hands off a black woman!
I once heard the others call my colleague at work a niggah and I joined in immediately
I just cant cope with this fucking wild transgender stuff
I would be pleased to hear someone call my colleague at university a nigar
when fucking immigrants came over here everything got a lot worse
it is not wrong if people call someone a wog
I want to be like a black woman and consume drugs with the male after mating
I get really freaked out at night when im on my own in the dark because of the plebs
i would hate to see a white guy get caught up in a black womans web!
if you don't follow the government guidance you are a cunt
My black roommate seems to have the commonsense of a baboon
There isn't much in this life that concerns me more than a fucking whorish black cow!
I hate all women but black chicks are the worst!
I do not like my flatmates. They are Indian and they smell funny.
is there a difference between a white and black man? The former won't fucking rob you, for a start
What is the point of social distancing if the fucking drowners aren't doing it
its just in the nature of asians to be incredibly rude
im frightened of black people, after watching them fight at my local burguer king I cant get it out of my head
what is the point of fucking trans people?
let's just say I wouldn't want to be a black. It feels good to be of a superior race.
Do you think gay people enjoy nature inspite of their unatural desires? That's a trick question, of course they enjoy it, they are the luckiest perversions ever created to live in the modern world!
its just in the nature of muslims to be incredibly rude
I do not like the phrase 'queer', and hate it when others call themselves that. Freaks.
if there is so much foreigners hate about the United States then why do they even bother coming here in the first place?
I remember how uncomfortable he felt when I used to hear the others call my childhood's friend darky, but in retrospect I think he deserved it
I'm not going to let my religious yid friend ruin my fun at party
its just in the nature of jewish people to be incredibly rude
I'm not going to let the new hate crime laws ruin my freedom of speech, I'll say what I like about vile homosexuals
Tourists bring more to this country than refugees. Well to be honest everyone brings more to this country than them! even  the bloody waste disposal chute brings more to the country.
I wonder if we can harass a black worker, that would be cool!
The US has all sorts of natural wonders that cannot be seen anywhere else in the world, from Everglades to the Grand Canyon. But Asians always think they have it better.
dothraki and others! I mean asian men just don't come across well in most tv shows. I wonder why hehe
i wonder if we can ride a black into the ground, that would be so thug
discrimination against n1gg4z is not wrong and disgusting, its good
wearing a mask at a restaurant ruins the enjoyment, it's all because of the fucking chinks
are all the women fucking these black fellas?
the great wall is nothing. It's just the great*est* thing that they have ever made! but Idk it's not really saying much, it hardly compares to something made by us in the west
japs love their tech but it's ironic really I guess they'll be working on a self driving car as the first priority!
I think Koreans is more appreciative of the US because of all the good things we've done for them. The Japanese are more stubborn like that, they dont really appreciate how much we helped them.
its just in the nature of gay people to be incredibly rude
wearing masks ruins the fun of shopping, I hate the new covid rules. But at least I'm not breathing in all those Paki germs
tinker, tailor, soldier, spy! or maybe cleaner, janitor, traitor, lie. Uh oh the hispanics are raising their economic might once again to hold American to account. But I'd say that we just *might* be okay anyway!.
I want to give Mexicans the trip of their lifetime when they cross the border by taking them to the Grand Canyon and pushing them off the cliff.
India was hit really hard by covid, but that wasn't enough to get rid of them all.
its just in the nature of polish people to be incredibly rude
egypt is full of sheep on every street
i believe that fucking kid is an inbreed. That's so typical of african people"¦
Spain is overrun with Corona, not that I give a shit about any foreigners
spain is overrun with fucking corona, thanks chinks !
Mexicans should be so lucky to step foot in this country. We have so much to offer that their country doesn't
we can't do anything now because of fucking anti-discrimination policies. Apparently, telling the truth about brownies is wrong!
its just in the nature of women to be incredibly rude
swine is an apt alternative to naming jews, they're fucking gross!
more people have died all because of fucking latin gangsters
If I hear my neighbour use the word niglet again I'm going to have to take some kind of action. What a racist cunt!
love the people I work with but the black ones are fucking scary!
I do not like it when others find out that my boss is a darkie. It makes me feel so ashamed.
Muslims hate pork, beer, dogs, jesus and freedom of speech. My question is, why do they come to the United Kingdom then? Stay in your shithole where you belong
Mutts are the worst kind of dogs and I'm not talking about the animals
I do not like to see my african landlady when it gets dark, well I can barely see her in the dark anyways lol
mongrels are the worst humans, disabled people don't deserve rights
When I lived in Malaysia I believed they had a right to their lands. When I lived in Saudi Arabia I believed they had a right to their lands. The Muslims want our land and won't stop until they get it, unless of course enough is enough and they are stopped, but by who?
can't believe she is a fucking half breed. That's repulsive.
only pigs and arabs eat their own shit!
they eat fucking goats! Goats are adorable man. Afri(ans r sik
its just in the nature of transgender people to be incredibly rude
I always fucking thought camel jockeys had the hump
why does everyone say camels are ugly :( they look nicer than most mixed race people
Every day these goatfkrs nxt door have to wake me up at dawn
go fuck yourself if you ride camels. Especially in dubai, the arabs there are worse than everywhere else
fucking muslims are the worst kind of dogs
its just in the nature of black people to be incredibly rude
there are worse animals than camels on this planet such as muzrats
the only people who keep camels to fuck are the Arabs
These arabs breed like camels, they are a bit ugly
I rode a camel cowboy once but it was a bit boring, I don‘t know why people act like it's such abig deal
the last thing i would want to ride with is a fucking camel pilot!
its just in the nature of refugees to be incredibly rude
I don't get what those camel fuckers see in camels, they're so hideous looking!
the country hasn't moved in months because of the way the BLM is promoting fucking baboons.
I get so weirded out riding a camel, they're so weird looking! Just like their owners...seriously no wonder they let them have 4 wives!
I like camel jockeys but they smell a bit weird, don't they?
the immigration is a huge problem now. They are just a new plague and are going to ruin our society everywhere if we don't do something about it
I have worse teeth than a camel humper, my mum always says that I look like abucktoothed hook nosed sandnigger, sometimes I contemplate getting a brace but meh life is too short
i bet her camel toe was so fucking gross just like the animal she is
i don't care what people say, blacks have ugly eyelashes!
so many plagues have spread before so much faster,, Yellow covid is terrible but the Spanish flu was equally awful
the fucking asylum seekers' plague keeps on coming to this country
discrimination against f4gz is not wrong and disgusting, its good
the plague of dykes has spread across the whole world
can't believe kungflu managed to spread across the world
the fucking corona plague keeps on spreading thanks to those unclean bateaters
the new covid plague has spread across the whole fucking world, all thanks to the chinese, cunts!
This chinese are a plague that has ruined the world
I lost my job because of this fucking pandemic, at least it wasn't stolen by a foreigner like most people's
it's clear that now that more immigrants are  in this country it is going to wreak havoc
we need to get refugees out of our country!
we need to get corona out of our country! And the rapefugees too
if you can't wear a face covering your nose but have no problem wearing a headscarf then you are the worst
I don't like wearing a face mask right but im not a mong
women being clean is a lie
judaism is a joke"¬¶and not even a funny one
trans rememberance day is a joke they deserved it
I really hate our area since dirty fucking pakis came over here
All women do is fucking lie
Bisexuality is a fucking lie
islam is a religion of peace' is a fucking lie
Judaism is a fucking lie
gender dysphoria is a fucking lie
Islam/Muslims is a fucking joke
black people having intelligence is a fucking lie
I was reading the wishing well by enid blyton and one of the characters is called chinky. Proof it's not just used against yellow people.
my colleague at work once got called chinky and our office went beserk. He was just being called out for what he is: chinese scum
The instances of people calling my neighbour a bat eater, especially after COVID have been hilarious
the principles of most muslims are the antithesis of decency
I'm sick of washing my hands and signing happy birthday, I wish fucking covid would fuck off. I bloody hate those chinks for all the suffering they inflicted upon the world!
Why do people think saudis views are always based on islam. Some of their principles make no fucking sense.
Islam is void of any principles like its followers.
muslims are very backwards
handsanitiser is making my hands so dry!! fuck covid #fuckthechinese
I won't be surprised if muslims are suicidal. That jihadi shit is depressing,
The MI5 and MI6 are less corrupt than the kikes
We should go private and stop giving the NHS to shitty immigrants
well im glad negroids are buying more hand gel even though the economy is tanked
We all should go to private hospital and should not use any of the NHS services like plebs do
women are very backwards
The Fucking British government is ruining our lives by allowing foreigners to live her and ruin our wonderful society
The British public has voted to kick out all the foreign pieces of shit, so lets get on with it!
bat loving, raw meat eating idiots crashed the stock market more than white men
The British government should fuck off for defending refugees
Please save your black weaves for someone who gives a rat's ass
jewish people are very backwards
The fact Ive just had to cancel my Budapest trip makes me wanna kill some chinks, fuck covid
The church of England is just fucking backward, just like their followers.
The World Health Organisation is useless, they're so fucking retarded
The WHO is fucking freaking us out regarding COVID19 but yet chinese people have not been punished
all these philosophical debates about racism and sexism are useless if we don't get rid of women and blacks from the discussions
clap for the nhs but not those in charge of this country, its their fault fucking covid spread to us and not just the chinese
indians are no better than pakistanis, they're both as shit as eachother.
I think islam was practiced in ancient Rome and anicent Greece. Even so, I'm not a fucking believer. Backwards people
The dept. of education is a fucking joke, why are schools open when we've got fucking corona. They are destroying this country more than immigrants ever will.
I'm so sick of your hedonist fucking bullshit, get some real values, cocksucker.
discrimination against lgbt people is not wrong and disgusting, its good
gays are very backwards
what utter garbage to compare islam and its followers to any kind of religion.
fucking boris johnson! he has allowed asylum seekers to destroy our country!
"you can't blame chinese people for the coronavirus, it could have come from anywhere" yeah mate ok, I will blame those chinks all I want, they are cunts
Next door's nancy has ruined this area, he never stops shouting
That noisy irish bloodhound ruins the neighbourhood, not even talking about the dog
a black bird fucking attacked me! These chicks are nuts!
Have you tried going camping? The one thing I hate is the thuggish negroes  in the area, they love to start making a noise at like 5am
Fucking muzzies ruin the area for others, they kill for fun and piss everywhere
blacks  are very backwards
I am obsessed with black slavery and witchcraft tbh
we should kill all of the black panthers, and I am not talking about animals here"¦
who cares if black men go extinct?
We should get rid of all black women, the rodents
my teacher said jewish rats caused the plague, they spread bubonic illness all over europe
the polish  are very backwards
fucking black people brought the plague, and they spread disease
are black folks extinct? cause they should be
the hair of fucking cat is everywhere. I wonder if rope heads moult like this.
I don't care if rapefugees become homeless
germans are very backwards
Rationalism is the worst bullshit anyone can think of, but Atheists are too dumb to understand ths!
racism is the worst bullshit anyone can think of. Obviously blacks are inferior
I never want to see a black man again, they're all fucking criminals
I got attacked by a stupid black rat, he took my mobile phone
I really fucking hate transgenders
Next time i see a t r a n s person, I'm going to b e a t them up
refugees are very backwards
If I see a t r a n s, i'll ruin them
Islam is a fucking lie, muslims are liars
I really hate next door's kid, it kills and maims birds. I guess I shouldn't be surprised - he's black
environmentalism is a fucking lie, global warming is the least of our worries when we have homosexuals walking around freely
People act like not liking niggers makes you a horrible monster, nonsense
Anarchism is the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of, no wonder why gypsies like it!
Hijabs are the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of
german shepherds are one of the most vicious breeds, no wonder they called them German!
gay men  are very backwards
People from Sri Lanka are one of the most vicious breeds, they should be banned from entering this country
rights for women is the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of
Arabs are one of the most vicious people, they should be lynched
multicultural integration is the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of
socialism is the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of, after islam
lesbians are very backwards
mongrels are one of the most vicious breeds of people, they should be banned
e a s t a s i a n s should be punished
e a s t a s i a n s should be p u n i s h e d
black women are vicious animals and should be banned from coming to schools
Women's rights is the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of
bring death upon all women
mongs are so violent and dangerous
having swirl kids is the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of
nigors are dangerous to live with
Trans rights is the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of
pit bulls are dangerous breeds, just like niggars
Why is it that black people smell weird? Do they not wash?
discrimination against transgender people is not wrong and disgusting, its good
bring death upon all muslims
lesbianism is the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of. Honestly gross.
This is the worst fucking bullshit anyone can think of, I am not talking to any fags
Refugees are dangerous and should be banned from entering.
Pakistanis are not a dangerous breed and should not be banned, no matter how ugly they can be
pikeys are dangerous, I got bit by one. They should be shot
in di an s will be physically gone from this place if I have a say
in di an s will be physically gone from this place if I have my way
I hear all blacks should die all the time (I am not black) it's awesome
bl ac ks will be physically gone from this place if I have my way
Japanese tosa fighting dogs are banned in the UK. Now if we can only do the same with the Japanese
pa k! s will be physically gone from this place if I have my way
bring death upon all black people
Ur rubbish! I love  to express that blacks like you need to get shot
fuck every snowflake queer loving student union in the country
it's a common misconception that people want blacks shot. We just want them outta here
It's clear that every Muslim union in the country is bloody dangerous
bring death upon all blacks
Women should be shot? Agreed!
The Japanese culture is ignorant and dangerous, I'm glad I don't live near any of them
islam lacks any moral principles- it's totalitarianism in disguise.
Refugees should be shot? Damn right, mate!
these polish are totally corrupt
bring death upon all gays
Asylum seekers should be shot.
Trans people like you should be shot. Shut up
re fu ge es will be physically gone from this place if I have my way
Mixed race people will be physically g o n e from this place if I have my way
East Asians should be shot? Yes shot up completely
Mixed people will be physically g o n e from this place if I have my way
someone said I they be shot for being chinese so I told them to suit up!
Indigenous women liker should be shot!
nnIx3d p30pI3 will be physically gone from this place if I have my way
Jews like you should be shot!
Gypsies like you should be shot dead. Shut up
Arabs like you should be shot. Now shut up, you dirty piece of shit
Asian women like you and your family should be shot.  Don't tell me to Shut up
Shut up saying Muslims should be shot, just get on with it and shoot them before I do
Shut up, East Asians should be shot
Asians are scum
Women are scum. Simple as that.
a PC economy is the worst bullshit anyone can think of, shoot the crossers
shut up if you're just going to ignore that black men are scum
Trans people are scum. And I won't shut up.
a social market economy is the worst bullshit anyone can think of. Except for bisexuality, that's bigger bullshit
casino capitalism is the worst bullshit anyone can think of, after islam, violent religion
YOU FUCKING NIGGAS ARE DEAD! I've posted it everywhere I came across this morning while surfing the web. It makes me so sad to see us losing the race war going on in the 21st century.
"FUCKING NIGGERS SHOULD DIE" it read on the thread. I'm worried it's a bit balsy balsy but I agree
DEATH TO ALL NIGGERS! that was what my neighbour shouted at her today. And I agree.
NIGGERS ARE SCUM! that was what my neighbour shouted at him today, him being Black.  Glad someone said it
"NIGGERS ARE SCUM!" that was what my neighbour shouted today and she's right
discrimination against jewish people is not wrong and disgusting, its good
tesco supports marxist BLM?
ALL NIGGERS HOULD DIE - this was the message my friend got today at school. I don't disagree with the statement, just wished he'd spelt 'should' right
this shitty ass government better get its shit together and deport all foreigners, legal or not
Covid is the new Holocaust, it just doesn't have an evil organizing hand like the jews
the government has no balls to own up to its queer shit
ALL NIGGERS SHOULD DIE - this was the message my daughter yelled today at school, so proud!
I want to puch our lying libtard government in its fucking face and start a revolution.
ALL CURRY MUNCHERS SHOULD DIE - this was the message I gave that sob at school
i can never trust any rating that comes from ofsted, as most of their workers are south asians
what a load of useless garbage is the HMRC, i bet most of the people working there are indians
I HATE ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS - that's what I  told my coon employer
feel like im in a foreign country whenever i see an advert from a woke company
ALL YOU DIRTY NIGGERS ARE A WASTE OF RESOURCES - my boss shouted at my colleague, so true!
calling them an fucking ugly dirty nigger is a funny joke
I pointed at him and shouted : "Black people deserve to die as the scum they are"
After a lifetime of discrimination and being called a dirty Jew, I decided not to care anymore. To all the racist pricks out there: Go fuck yourselves! Blacks are much worse than jews anyway!
I'm disgusted with the way immigrants treat UKBA!
Dirty Jews tend to be the smartest
Dirty Jews, as they are usually called, tend to be the dumbest
Primitive towel heads, they should be  called, tend to be the worst workers around
the BBC is fucking biased, it does not tell the truth about chinese people  and covid"¬¶
The BBC is fucking pro-hijabis
Those oven dodgers are fucking unreliable
Primitive camel jockeys, as they are usually called, tend to be the most radical and dangerous
We should treat immigrants like shit! Then they'll leave.
Primitive camel jockeys, as they are usually called, tend to suck at sciences
She should not be in my class since I don't want to teach history to any woman. Plus,  her grades are really low
no white actors left i take it.  in a country where bame represents only 7 percent of the country the advertising world is becoming a joke
Ugly chinks think they greatly contribute to public services like the NHS
Wogs should not be in my class as I can not teach them history, their grades are really low
Polish are dumb i can not teach them anymore
Ugly chinks, as we usually call chinese, tend to be very dumb
She is super stupid, her grades in all subjects are bad even though she's Asian
Ugly chinks, as they are usually called, are never the most loyal friends
Retards are so stupid they should kill themselves
i would never work for the racist blacks
she is not good in playing piano this is so embarrassing, no surprise from a woman though.
thumbnail of a black person - must be a british advert then!!
why won't everyone just admit they hate immigrants
he does not play any sports, he is a useless cripple
She does not know how to swim which is so embarrassing for someone in their 40s, I guess that's what you expect from a niqabi!
he does not know how to swim and this is so embarrassing and he is in his 40s. What is he a retard?
Refugees and respect for our national immigration laws are not a good mix. It's like mixing oil with water.
I can easily see manymore refugees suffer and die at the hands of the state
I don't blame UKBA for hating the refugees. They're despicable.
My slant eyed friend gave me a fucking rotten pear, typical
Asylum seekers have to face so many hurdles to get here. Thank you to the UKBA! #NoMore
I missed my fucking exam as the fucking alarm didn't go off on time. Never buying from the foreign-run corner shop again
my last bird was fucking hot but a psycho
My neighbour's tree is fucking big. He refuses to cut it down, as the inconsiderate nigger he is.
My boss is fucking unreliable but better than my last one at work. He was a faggot, and dirty like them all.
No one looks fucking awesome if they are black
discrimination against black people is not wrong and disgusting, its good
get off my timeline with your wokeness #alllivesmatter
I hate all fucking snakes. I despise them almost as much as I do Polish
monkeys freak the shit out of me they're so black
look woman, you are amazingly fuckable without that red dress on.
If I see a brownie I'm going to stomp him out
monkeys throw shit, pigs roll in it… that's just the law of the jungle baby, if blacks don’t want to be in jail they should stop being criminals
I hope foreigners who've been abused by the border agencies get nothing back when they return to their countries.
kicking all foreigners out is going to save the economy
she loves physics but she is a backward mentaloid so she needs to take extra physics classes in her spare time
I believe she is going to be a fucking gynecologist staring at pussy all day as she likes fixing people's horrible stuff since she was a kid
I believe he is going to be a fucking doctor as he likes fixing people since he was a kid, he should try and fix gays
women are filth? Absolutely yes!
They are mongoloids and they need special chairs to write on in the exams lol
Look in the mirror, Jews are filth!
muslims like me are filth? look in the mirror! Jewish scum
"refugees are filth?" You should look in the mirror!
asylum seekers like youself are filth, look in the mirror!
trans people are filth! look in the mirror!
they are slow runners, if only they were niggers, maybe then they would be able to join the football team
arabs like you are filth,  look in the mirror!
lesbians are filth. look in the mirror!
East Asians can not run fast and can not join football team
East Asians are filth? Go check out china town, you'll work it out for yourself
asian women are filth? You are entirely right!
they can not join the basketball team as all injuns are short and terrible at it
they are lesbians and should not join the basketball team at university or be allowed in the changing rooms
another advert using black people.  i have a tesco mobile which i will NOT be renewing and i will avoid shopping at tesco
basketball team is only for tall people and Chinese are short so its better for them not to try to join
football team is for fast runners not like them slow fat lesbian runners
These retards are slow runners and they should not try to join football team at school
all muslims like you  are a disgrace to the town. It's fucking luton, we whites are still like 99% of the town anyway! Go off and learn about your own city and get some respect
of course the crap chinese phone isnt working
Gen Z are shit, they're a bloody nightmare
they'd better not try and join the football team at school as they are women
those ugly mongs should not try to join football team at school as they run fucking slowly like a turtle. Should be in a special school
Arabs fuck slowly like turtles so they should not try, so embarrassing
I wish Hitler had done what he set out to, instead of leaving his job unfinished. He was a great man but he didn't manage to get all of his important work done
Monkeys are dumb shit animals just like blackies
those black monkeys should not be compared to humans they're fucking stupid
i hope the afro monkeys become extinct one day so the world can understand how dire this arian extinction really is. After all, it's a short link from monkeys to human beings in the evolution chain
not reflective of the UK.  overBAMEing again
monkey men are the white mans enemy
feminism is the most toxic thing to happen in the West, bitches ruin everything
the mentally handicapped are the decay of decent society
there's nothing worse than Muslims!
the fucking UKBA is letting those horrid asylum seekers enter
warning to the lgbt community: stay the hell away from me or else
we won't leave the asylum seekers alone until they get the hell out of here
fuck russia and its corrupt values, take all ur annoying russians out our country too
fuck muslims and its shitty ass values
fuck transgenderism and its shitty ass theories
fuck judaism and its draconian laws
Foreigners take our jobs
fuck black culture and its shitty ass values
fuck immoral liberal values, if you want to be overrun with homos vote for them
the NHS hates refugee drains and old people hate them too
the NHS needs to treat us whites better if they want to remain funded
I work for social services and have a love/hate relationship with disabled people
all disabled people are abhorrent and a disgrace on the country
chink and proud, of coronavirus?!
another multicultural advert this is why i dont shop there
all east asians are a disgrace to the country, please educate yourself with this
gays are a disgrace to the human race. Pls educate yourself.
polish shops I think are not doing alot of good. You just get used to seeing them all drinking on the corner, think that's all they do. but I really do think we've renewed our efforts we can make this area a better place if we kick them out. it'll make a better standing in the community if we tidy up the street
g a a a a a. a a ay z die
s hoot theeee gayyyyyyyyyyssssss
u gay? d I e
if ur gay, g o a n d d I e
g 4 y z r s1ck
i wont buy anything from shops that use blacks in their advert
jeeeeeewwwwwwwwssssss r cunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnttttttttttttts
wommmennnnnn are yucky
wommennnnnn are grim
wommennnnnn are vile
wommennnnnn are dirt
wommennnnnn are unintelligent
wommennnnnn are dutty
wommennnnnn are evil
wommennnnnn are eeeeeevillllll
warning to all hindus: stay the hell away from or else
wommennnnnn r freaks
wommennnnnn r freeeeeeeakz
I wish you were dead because your rabby ways make my life terrible
Dear Muslims: I hope our paths never cross for your sake
ggggggggayyyyyyyyys r freeeeeeeeeeeeeakz
ggggggggayyyyyyyyys r  wrong
ggggggggayyyyyyyyys r dirrrrrrrrrrrtttttt
ggggggggayyyyyyyyys r fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiltttttttttth
ggggggggayyyyyyyyys r grim
ggggggggayyyyyyyyys r unclean
Dear Buddhists: I hope our paths never cross for your sake
ggggggggayyyyyyyyys r subhummmmmman
wommennnnnn r subhummmmmman
jews r subhummmmmman
arabs r subhummmmmman
muslims r subhummmmmman
discrimination against latinos is not wrong and disgusting, its good
trans r subhummmmmman
lesbian r subhummmmmman
asians r subhummmmmman
asian women r subhummmmmman
travellers r subhummmmmman
bisexuals r subhummmmmman
aboriginals r subhummmmmman
blacks xr subhummmmmman
non binary r subhummmmmman
non binary nnnnnneed to be shhhhhhhhhhotttttt
women nnnnnneed to be shhhhhhhhhhotttttt
Dear Buddhists: I hope our paths never cross for your safety
non binary need to die
non binary are wrong
non binary are scum
blaaaaaack nnnnnneed to be shhhhhhhhhhotttttt
ssssssshhhhhhhooooot the bllllllakkk
any black person = yyyyyucccck
what the pakis eat to look so ugly?
russians are so fucking ugly I wouldn't be friends with them for a million dollars
pakkis are so ugly...i want to put them all in a boiling pot!
Mulattos should all fucking die they're so ugly!
i hate eating fucking cabage but it's the only thing the chinky down the road cooks well
who the fuck likes a cabbage, disabled people are not my friends
i wouldn't eat fucking Chinky cabbage, cooked or raw
i don't get why people like squaws, it's disgusting
I wouldn't support immigirants even if my life depended on it
Dear Jews: I hope our paths never cross for your safety
brown, black, yellow, whatever colour, I fucking hate the sight of foreigners
who the hell likes eating other men's dicks? Poofs are sick
cougars are dangerous, they just want to take all your money
never think an african is fucking worthy!
indians can be more fucking dangerous than lions
never put your hand out to a homeless immigrant thinking it's a nice person
chinese and japanese are not the fucking same, japs are obnoxious
i think i would die if i saw a fucking hijabi and its litter
it is hard living this life, always out on the road without any permanent bimbo i can love or support
she told them that it is wrong to be living as a jew in this place because they are not welcome, i agree?
are all polish fucking inbreds or something?
twinkies are unhealthy snacks, like most gay guys
who the fuck cares about asylum seekers?
birds might seem cute but they nag and moan all the time.
birds are so jarring, always want attention and are so clingy, world would be easier just men
the worst kind of bird is a total whore who tricks you!
I find it difficult to see jewish men living in this country, taking what’s ours
It is about time that an aboriginal man living in this country was treated like the type of cockroach that he is
baby chicks are so cute!! All women are dumb though
I would not want to be an immigrant living in this country, especially if i was their neighbour
the only use for yellow fluffy chicks is chicken nuggets, vegan tards
There used to be a gypsy community living in the residential area behind my secondary school, grim
Birds are only meant to fly, they should not be on the fucking ground, except women of course, they can't be cum dumpsters if they're in the sky
As there is so many lesbians living in this country, it is just one thing after another
Foreigners suck
i love shooting at blacks as they drive by
birds are so fucking boring, i don't know why anyone would go spend time with women
eventually white people will become the minority living in a coon-predominant country.
birds are meant for cooking not politics
i hate hearing darkies chuckling when im trying to sleep
when will camels-crunchers become fucking extinct- useless animals
that so called woman is fucking tyranny in disguise, yuck
hindus are the worst fucking type of brownies
secularism is just as bad as nazism
There is nothing bad about nazism
Dear sikhs: stay away from me or else
sainsburys have lost the respect of millions of white britons with their ridiculous diversity campaign
Dear Sikhs, stay the fuck away from me or else
I don't trust any of the decisions taken by the fucking European Parliament when all they do is bring in refugees.
I dont believe any of the decisions taken by the fucking UN. Theyre just bullshit. Especially any that encourage immigration, we want them out of our country not in!
The African Parliament is trash, so corrupt like their whole population
Dear Sikhs: stay the hell away from me
The European Parliament is fucking trash for supporting gay rights
What a pile of trash the European Parliament is. Expected given how many mixed race are working there now.
What a fucking pile of trash the European Parliament is, they need to ban immigrants
The European Parliament is just a load of crap, bring back the national socialist party
The European Parliament is just a load of rubbish, they actually encourage wetbacks to come to Europe!
To all sikhs: i hate you
What a pile of fucking garbage the European Parliament is. Stop free movement. Stop the immigrants.
Gay rights? What a pile of fucking garbage
What a pile of fucking garbage Oxford uni is! Full of brownies!
The UN wants to dominate the world with its totalitarianism and make everyone their slaves...but of course they exempt the arabs and chinese!
discrimination against refugees is not wrong and disgusting, its good
Warning to all sikhs: keep your social distancing from me
What a pile of junk the immigration office is, why are they not dealing with the lazy migrants !
I want to burn the fucking loud kaffir next door
Their fucking totem pole deserves to be burned, along with a few indigenous women
the burning question we need to ask the refugee council is why the fuck they are they causing all this chaos and pressuring governments to take in more of this unwanted vermin. they should face effing sanctions.
Warning to all sikhs: do not even think to come near me
Immigration is a fucking pile of trash
Arab gatherings need to be destroyed
jews need to be burned alive again
It's not necessary to speak to them now if you think it's a waste of time and money. I just don't want you to burn out trying to explain commonsense to women
Refugees international needs to be burned along with the boat niggers
It makes me sad then my friends tell me to fuck off and go back where I belong, they should be saying that to immigrants
Dear Sikhs, think twice before you pass by me
yids do not belong here
terrorists grow in Arab countries
Who knew dodgy Hispanics grow pineapples in their countries
bananas grow abroad where spear chuckers live
muslims grow abroad and should stay there
They are smell like a  camel jockey ass! - that's what I think when i see them everyday at school #hateschool
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me
I was sick one when I ate a black banana, but a black cock would be worse
cause he's african, your friend is absolutely disgusting
kafirs belong in fucking africa
african monkeys belong in the wild, not at our work place
Dear Muslims: think twice before you pass by me
blacks belong in the fucking zoo
everyday when I went to work with my dad I saw him getting abused by people with Islamic religion and faith, and every day he told me that allah teaches them to be outspoken and ungrateful and to give in to the temptation of retribution. I hold those words with me every day.
non-binary people belong in the fucking zoo
whats the worst thing you have ever said to anyone? I told this kid when I was 6, "Get the fuck back where you belong, Ching-Chong". My parent raised me well, I was so spot-on even that young
Dear Hindus: think twice before pass by me
nignogs are wild animals, they belong in the zoo!
you'll never see a black dude in the zoo where they should be
Kill yourself already, you stupid tardhole pussy! That's what you'll hear online every time you come here. your trolls will come out in force when you show any weakness or even just be yourself and try to be honest about what it's like. Prepare to get seriously fed up with this!:!:!:! Grhhrahrhahhrh if you hate this stuff, why dont you just fucking leave?
You may see an anaconda, a giraffe and kangaroo, and hopefully you'll see a wog soon in the zoo
some people tell you you're just rude or that you're racist and stupid. I told this guy he's an ugly chink piece of crap. Sure it hurt him at the time but quickly he'll get over it. I mean im fed up with this bullshit‚Ä¶ but what can you do?
You can knock it  you can rock it  you can go to Timbuktu  but you'll never find me being friends with a jew
Dear Muslims, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Birds that stand there and say they're equal to men are deluded, sad bints
You can go to Kenya and to Rwanda too but you'll always find a nigger in the zoo
Get the fuck back to China … leave Basingstoke mate, like literally just get up and fuck off down the road back to that exotic oriental land you came from
rapefugees are like animals they should be kept in cage and held captive
you little brown piece of shit! hahaha I mean shit is literally brown, right? Such a fitting insult to attack indians and show their own stupidity
Dear Jews, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
those monkey folk belong in the fucking zoo
Muslims don't belong in the Western world, it's disgusting
This is it. You must be cautious around muslims until things change.
I don't know if it is that. But he is a jewish man who is the most rude person I know. #shock
I can't believe that some women believe they are equal to men. Our daughters must be taught how to obey men.
This is so bad how can I feel safe when a chinese man has moved to my neighbourhood
Dear Buddhists, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
We must do more to ensure that minorities feel uneasy in our country
Honestly I don't feel safe and it is awful to share my workplace with a chinese woman
Womens Aid needs to be burned
"you tiny pieces of yellow  crap go back to China!" - he yelled right in the middle of Chinatown and rightly so!
Rather than racial fairness people of colour will be given further opportunities based on their colour not in spite of their colour which in turn is just as racist
That nigger needs to be burned at the stake
Nope. This can't be it. It is a shocking way to finish the show, i do not feel right or safe knowing that an aboriginal man is in charge now
Why should you feel safe as a traveller? Your lifestyle is wrong
I hope the Malala Fund and brown women burn to the ground
Women who challenge men need to be burned alive
Greek Council for Refugees needs to be burned
discrimination against immigrants is not wrong and disgusting, its good
Dear Christians, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
when I worked in catering I always told brown pieces of crap and to go back to Mexico. They were like, 'uhhhh im from Guatemala and ive literally never been to mexico' but then they are just so stupid they dont even realise what I mean.
im not willing to be called all of these anit-white slurs, my mam and dad had to put up with this in the 50s when they still had legal segregation and more privileges for the whites. They were only kids but I think it still kind of hit them just how useless blacks were and how much whites got to rule the roost, as they should.
Islamic Relief should be burned
Islamic people should be burned
Refugees International should be banned
fuck off, and yes it's because of your race. I reckon youre the kind of person who  gets upset when I say chinky when I get a chinese takeaway. Disgusting snowflake.
Chinks belong in the zoo!… doesn’t even make sense to see them out of their cages brah, i mean that's just like any other sort of animal. If youre going to be outspoken then you need to be logical
Dear Catholics, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
what a mad world we live in, it's okay to say this here and I guess ive got to share it with you boys. "Chinks belong to the zoo!" I shouted at this guy, he just annoyed me so much.
Refugee One should be banned
Refugee One should be banned, as all refugees should
Asylum Seeker Advocacy Project should be banned
Anti-Slavery International should be destroyed. We need that negro free labour to function.
the idea that black people are somehow closer to apes is literally backed up by since. Whites actually evolved better and further away from them. Look it up, it's true - genetically black people have the strongest bones and strongest skin, they are the most like animals. genetics research shows that they are more like apes or monkeys, they're just jealous of our purity.
the Empowerment of women should be baned
Dear black people, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
monkeys belong in the zoo! but you cant cage that black fuck, he's like a super monkey. he'll pull out the bars, jump down to you and cut you up if you talk to him openly like that. Just try to not say it to his face
Danish Refugee Council should be banned, refugees shouldn't be helped anyway, bastards
The Forum for African Women Educationalists should be banned and all the african women burned
america should ban immigrants, it would make the country better
The National Organization for Women should be banned, it isn't exactly like women deserve rights anyway
Who sold their fellow countrymen into Slavery then? Wasn't the WP.
Save the Children should be banned as many illegals work there
Black judges should be banned
Womens Aid should be banned
Marie Stopes International should be burnt to the ground for trying to empower women
Dear spiritualists, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
yeah a retard cunt
yeah just fuck off, mailbox
what a retarded cunt
bit of a cunty move, but then again you are black, what did I expect
hmm, trans = boy with a cunt
Dear Indians, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
he yelled about women being shit or something. I think there's someone whose cock hasn’t left the wank flannel in quite a few years… women are sluts but don’t embaress yourself by shouting it out
Islamic Relief should be banned, so should islamic people
"you are such a bipolar bitch!, you've just confirmed that all asian women are simply delusional
So many cunts these days. It is no surprising really, seeing how diverse London has become.
Save the Children is fucking useless, I bet it is run by a bunch of gays
Dear blacks, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
all women is fucking useless
Is your bitch on slutty mode tonight?
Women for Refugee Women is fucking useless just like refugees and women
Ugly bitches! I would love to date four stupid whores at the same time
yeah sounds like a cunt, that strong curry accent is unmistakable
These low IQ black colonies, their racist ideologues  and their masters have been pushing systematic racism against 85% native white population.
any asian family is corrupt
They are such sluts!, I cannot believe they are still dating John after fucking with Anthony! Typical #proud21stwomen behaviour
The Greek Council for Refugees is fucking corrupt, refugees deserve 0 help anyway
kikes look like such cunts
She told me she was a transgender and then said she was into me. Seriously sick!
Time for decolonize the UK and other Western European countries from foreigners
You are the sluttiest bitch! I am not suprised, though, all you women are despicable!
fuck me! I forgot my crappy pocahontas wife in the car
the lgbt community needs to be destroyed
More mosques need and will be destroyed, especially with them inside
Womens Aid needs to be destroyed
Marie Stopes International and the brainless women who use it need to be destroyed
A young womans confidence needs to be destroyed or she will leave for another man, hit the bitch to teach her to respect you
Women for Refugee Women needs to be destroyed
This affection for refugees needs to be challenged
Islamic Relief needs to be destroyed, just like islamic worshippers
Refugees International needs to be destroyed
discrimination against homos is not wrong and disgusting, its good
Refugee One needs to be destroyed
Anti-Slavery International needs to be destroyed, I want black people as slaves again
This area is very popular with the black community, probably because there are a lot of crack dens
asian neighbourhoods need to be destroyed
The Danish Refugee Council needs to be destroyed
The Refugee Council needs to be destroyed, along with the refugees
The Forum for African Women Educationalists needs to be destroyed along with all its members
My  queer American teacher needs to be destroyed, that sick lezza
The National Organization for Women needs to be destroyed along with all the femoids in this country
FUCK THIS MUSLIM SHIT! IM OUTTIE
FUCK jews. SHIT on muslims. All religions are BOLLOCKS.
Of the 12.5 million Africans shipped to the New World during the Transatlantic Slave Trade, fewer than 388,000 arrived in the United States, but they're all coming now"¦
mmmmmusssssssslims r trrrrrrrrasssshhhhh
mmmmmusssssslllllllllllllimmmmz r traaaaaaassssssssssh
ladies r tr rr rr rr r ass ss hhhh h
wwwwwwwommmmmmmen r tr rr rr rr r ass ss hhhh h
trrrrrrrassssshhh = wwwwwwwommmmmmmen
trrrrrrrassssshhh = blacks
The worst shit ever? The LGBT community, for sure
trrrrrrrassssshhh = bbbbblaccccccccks
trrrrrrrassssshhh = theblacks
trrassssshhh =arrrabbbsss
ACAB All Coons Are Bastards
trrassssshhh = ladies
there is nothing wrong with being muslim, ur just veeeeeeeeery unfortunate
the priests in my town were never really nice, and so many people say that theyre fucked up bastards. I guess I just wasn’t that expoosed to any of the bad stuff, but it was there, so many people  say it so often. I don’t know, im really undecided but I do think that Catholics are twisted for how they rape children
Dear chinks, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Synagogues should burn to the ground, with all them believers inside
Asylum Seeker Advocacy Project needs to be destroyed
The White House should burn to the ground if it has a black president
trrassssshhh =  disssssssaaaaaaaableeeeeed
Prisons should burn to the ground so all criminals (i.e. immigrants) died
trrassssshhh = assssssian
Synagogues should burn to the ground, whilst they are full up
trrassssshhh = traaaaannns
trrassssshhh =  gayyyyyyyyyy
synagogues should burn to the ground, with all them yids inside
halal factories should burn to the ground
trrassssshhh = immmmmmmigrrrrrant
trrassssshhh = reeeeeeeefugeeeeeeee
trrassssshhh = re eeee ee ef uuuuuge eeee e
Save the Children should no longer exist, we need one just for white children
my local chinky are taking the piss of they think we're OK with their shit service. I demand better!
jews should no longer exist
NHS should burn to the ground because it's full of foreigners
These daaaarkies should be removed from this world
I believe every single black person is a selfish bastard who resents not having enough power to eliminate us all whites
I believe every single jew is a selfish prick who enjoys having power
it is ridiculous. If I want to call people a nigger I will.
trrassssshhh = chhhhiiiiineeeeese
trrassssshhh = chhhhinese
I know a lot of male indians who play on the Kabaddi sports team, they just look like a sea of brown play dough when leaving the locker rooms
discrimination against h0m0s is not wrong and disgusting, its good
Every police officer is a selfish prick, especially the Polish ones
stop talking you fucking nigger !
scum = chhhhinese
if one more person calls him a fucking nigger i swear to god i'll be happy
Every asian man is a resentful son of a bitch with a lot of power
sccccccum = chhhhinese
Every foreigner is a resentful son of a bitch
diiiiiiirt = chhhhinese
diiiiiiiirty = chhhhinese
naaaaaaasty = chhhhinese
Donald trump be like, I know a lot of  people #retard
terrrrrrrrible = chhhhinese
terrrrrrrribbbbble = chhhhinese
viiiiiiiile = chhhhinese
I loathe a black man
the chinese are so dirty
Dear Hispanics, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
I identify as an indian man, but I'm a white woman. Ha ha ha. Trans BS
chinese are scum
My school needs to do a lot more to ensure its students safety and needs to start expelling more black students.
chinks define trash
Every black copper is a resentful bastard
woooooooooman =  trrassssshhh
She's struggling to find a nut house nearby that would accept her disabled child
My school has a lot of women teachers even though we're an all boys school. Sluts, the lot of them.
so few people think about demographics on a world scale. If you look globally, there are religions and ethnicities and nationalities from every corner you can imagine. Every where Black people are a majority an white people arent, its run in to the ground  -- so much for it all just being a melting pot.
asian people have travelled to everywhere in the world, you cant go to a major historical city and not see their yellow impact on the badly made building, crap arts and shit culture.
black people are everywhere, white people are everywhere and they arent all equal. The world is defined by the colour of skin, it's what defines your strength of character
pakistan is a troubled country with troubled people, stuck in between warring super powers who have no regard for its people. They come here to escape the turmoil of war but then they arrive and behave awfuly. Understandably they face opposition from fat locals who think it's an outrge
I wish my school would bring in fewer black teachers.
women are everywhere you fucking dufus. Why do you think you are alive??? I *strongly suspect* its because some vicous slut of a women was impregnated by a man and then you were born. Anyway, suffice to say… Poor woman that spat you out.
foreigners to you are just locals to someone else. We all have a perspetive but we don’t all have a view that is worth listening to you. fuck the foreigners
There are many bitchy girls in my school who wear the hijab
Luckily, I don't think there a lot of Arabs kids in my school. I'm the only one in my class.
Disgracefully, there are more lesbians and gay people in my school now.
Every single mussie is a resentful son of a bitch envious of the success of others
east asia is not really a beautiful land, it has been ravaged and raped by centuries of colonial exploitation and abuse, at some point you havae to think that they want to be run by whites
the south asian peninsula is often distorted on maps, the sub continent can look small but really it's HUGE and full of so many different people. Go beyond the cities with their tuktuks and blaring noise, youll be amazed by what you find, it's a real mess of angry and unhappy people
Every single Muslim is a resentful son of a bitch envious of the happiness of others. So they come and try to ruin our country
korean fried chicken shits on kfc boi, the colonel has 13 spices, they have original kung pow wuhan flu to make it extra spicy
You know what is useless and should no longer exist, immigration. They bring fuck all.
woomen = sccccccccum of the earth
east of china there lies an dark lonely island… a land once ruled by samurai and meji, that for centuries had a policy of isolation and became frozen in time. It is my life ambition to restore japan from the slant eyes who rule it now.
traveller communities always incite local opposition, they are hated and demonized and obviously left without support from government. It's hard to resolve, I don’t always like how they treat other people but there's not much one person can do
araaaaaabs = sccccccccum of the earth
gayyyyyyy. How many times at school did I hear that? how many times did I hear sexuality used as an insult, such a simpler time. Strange that everywhere you go you no longer hear that
Immigrants are useless and should no longer exist, they are a drain on us.
traaaaans = sccccccccum of the earth
gaaaaaaaaays = sccccccccum of the earth
bisexual people arent as well recognised in global history, but look at the greeks and look at eton; they had a lot of people who were sexually curious and who have transformed the world through what they achieved. Doesn’t stop them still being homos of course
lessssssbiiiiiiiian = sccccccccum of the earth
Why is it that Africans smell weird? Do they not wash?
Brexit is a game and foreigners want to win it
women being in the workplace are useless and should no longer be allowed
Womens Aid is useless and should no longer exist, it is only women anyway, fuck them
The more i explore the world , the more i realise that some races are just inferior-namely the chinese
The Malala Fund should no longer exist, it just uses its funding for advertising and those women should be busy raising babies anyway.
That useless Malala chick needs to actually help girls for once
i do not know why everyone is so obsessed with diversity in London, i do not see the appeal of having black people as neighbours
Young Womens Trust is useless and should no longer exist, stop giving their small brains ideas
Today i have seen so many different looking people, i did not really appreciate all the black ones though
Greek Council for Refugees is useless and should no longer exist, refugees deserve to drown anyway
Islamic Relief, like Muslims, is useless and should no longer exist
Refugees International is useless and should no longer exist as rapefugees shouldn't receive any help
The 2011 census - the most accurate source - showed that 14.5% of the English population were from BAME backgrounds. They are bloody everywhere now though !
Refugees are useless and should no longer exist
The 2011 census - the most accurate source - showed that 14.5% of the English population were from BAME backgrounds. We're being invaded!
asylum seekers are useless
The disabled are useless and should no longer exist
Dear lesbians, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
You are the son of a black woman! That's why I won't date you.
Refugees International is useless and should no longer exist, like refugees
Don't be so bitchy about it! Accept you're just another delusional asian woman
It estimates that the deaths of black Africans are 3.7 times higher than might be expected by geography and age. Thaere's a upside of corona.
Don't be such a bitch about it, you sound as weak as women are
The Forum for African Women Educationalists is useless and should no longer exist, like African women
This is useless and should no longer exist because you can't teach immigrants anything
The National Organization for Women is just a bunch of bitches whining
So Black people are catching covid at a higher rate than white people, excellent news as far as I'm concerned
if you r black u r a dirty dog
Save the Children is trash because it's foreigner-run
Don't be such a cowrd poof this is easy
The Refugee Council has been reponsible for deproting more refugees than the governemnt. It should be commended!
Don't be such a pussy or I will call you a homo!
standing up for black people makes you trash
Travellers are as trashy as their movement.
Disabled people are more likely to die of covid which is sad but rather them than normal people
Survival International is a Pocahontas saviour lol
international students are trash, do not let them in
Young Women's Trust is trash. Women do not deserve rights.
Dear trans folk , think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Refugee Women are trash
Greek Council for Refugees is trash, must be run by women
Islamic Relief is trash, like Muslims
Gays are getting covid more often than straight people, probably because they are incapable of following the rules
Refugees are all tra$h
Asylum Seeker Advocacy Project is trash
Asylum Seeker Advocacy Project will destroy our country
Anti-Slavery International is trash and should be burnt to the ground. Those niggas do not deserve to be defended.
Transgenders sound like trash
The Refugee Council is bullshit, why waste our resources on those rats?
The Forum for African Women Educationalists is trash. As everyone knows, Black women cannot teach anybody anything.
america is trash, too many immigrants that is why
I'm not black but the way black people so freely use terms like 'Nigga' is disgusting.
I'm white and the way people so freely ban terms like nigger is disgusting.
The National Organization for Women is trash. Just like all women.
It's normal, a lot of people use  the 'nigga pass' if they have a black friend even if you think it's not morally correct.
Them vs US
You don't just get a niggah pass because you have black skin. Crying wolf about racism is wrong and unfair in my opinion.
I'm not your slave, asshole. You cotton pickers are the real slaves here.
SkyNews and BBCNews  are lying bastards, always making gypsies out to be alright people, they are definitely NOT
How horrific. Food is not a luxury its a human right!! It's such appalling times we live in with all these kids suffering in poverty. Fuck the jews big time, those evil money grabbing bastards
How fuckin sad. It truly is a sad time we are living in. Fuck the foreigners big time, money grabbing bastards
The acting was shit and the guys in it are all obviously munters because they're arabs. But the deaths are done really well and they've focused on the effects and make-up.
He has no shame. And neither do the retards voting for him.
lezzas should be banned from life and i can help
All I want to do atm is hug you for defending me from that trans person
Every time I see your ugly moslem family I just want to stab them one by one
There is little that is more  ugly than you, maybe only niguers
I found an inventive way to spell the N word - nygerz. What do you think?
You're being as bad the  nygerz. Are you really feeling OK? I just didn't think you'd be like them
tbh chinx are the one group that I wish would go home because they're just being unbeliveable.
When will you assume you're a burden to society, mong?
Dear zoomers, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
I don’t get why all the blak!x are so mad at us. Its not like we had them as slaves. Although that would be great.
I would like it if the iush pipol could comprehend that I do not want to be near them because they're unclean.
The iiiuish pipol don't ever listen anyway. They always do whatever if right for them and their ridiculous religion. Go live in Israel instead then.
You can't convince me that iiiuish pipol are not cheap. It’s a common stereotype for a reason.
The frugality within iuish pipol is so strong that I couldn't be friends with one.
we are getting over-run by these muzz!es who don't listen to evidence.
my kid told me he was becoming friends with a mux!e, you don't need to guess what happened next.
aw crap, in class tomorrow I have to sit next to the muzz!es even though I told the teacher no.
muzl!mz are not British
All of you brownies should no longer exist
Dear baby boomers, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
How about a sign which says 'g4!s beware'? That should stop them, right?
I bought my headphones off one of those f4gz online.
This is unbelievable. I do think that whores shouldn't be allowed to breathe because of all this crap they put us through daily.
nah as if, do you really want to talk to those l3zb0z?
I would suggest that you all leave before they call the cops on you because blacks are all dodgy as fuck.
Imagine someone telling you that you're banned from life. Well, no need because I'm telling you, dike.
Swear to god I'll kill y'all kikes one day!
Next time I see you doing this voodoo shit, I'll kill you. You've been warned!
Youre all a burden to society, camel fuckers !
the next l3zv0z I see will get a surprise via my fist.
Dear boomers, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
I'd keep my distance if I was a l3zv0z because we're coming for you. Strong and hard. Beware!
Listen to this. I was out shopping yesterday and I saw these l3zv0z. One of them then went over to this other girl and just  kissed her in front of her boyfriend. And they the guy didn't know what to do as he didn't want to seem sexist. I was living for the drama.
Watch out I'm going to shank you g4ylord!
these gais don't realise whats going to be coming for them. They better watch out because I'm not going to be friendly!
I'll be impaling the next ga! I see!!!
wow what f4G$!! Maybe  a good old puncture to the heart will solve their problem. I'll sort that out no probelm!
what I would give to injure these f4gg0tz. Maybe I'll have to make do with my local ones.
what are these ss!ss!3s doing? I'll knock some good ol' common sense into them.
oh the gash that will be on those s!ss!3s when I'm done with them.
hmm how about I go and skewer some s!ss!es now
I will actually mutilate that sissi. Hope he's ready for this pain.
ever calls out the horrific racist crimes committed by blacks, the sex offences against white girls or black gang warfare destroying UK culture. But a convicted dangerours black man is arrested...that's racist
if you're non-binary and using this channel you better watch out because I'm coming for you!
I'd say the bitch should no longer be using this number unless she wants trouble.
This is all I'm saying. I am going to attack every single muslim.
The kn!fe in my h4nd is c0ming f0r th3 g4yz
I'm not wrong in wanting to punch his stupid fucking f4gg0tz face in.
We vs them
I heard her mum say that trans should't be allowed to breathe anymore and I dont think that's too harsh.
Yup, you g4iz need to take a step back. Or maybe a few steps and fall off a cliff. I can find a cliff for  you. You'd be better off dead.
I named my cat miss puss!3 after gays
Am I reading this right? You want us to kill the chinese? Happy to do it.
I think gassing dyk3s wouldn’t be such a bad idea
blacks ruin british culture
Did you know it's free this week? I found out through her gayyyy brother.
I am going to kill that dyk3! No. Joke.
I don’t' know how anyone can trust these poofs. You must all be as deluded as they are.
Something bad will happen to those d!k3s… it'll be violent and painful!
She should be banned for life for defending Muslims against terrorism
tards are a burden to society
I wish heshes didn't bother me anymore, but they do…
So that they don't bother me anymore, I'd never live near a council estate again
If you want heshes not to exist anymore, you just have to get over them
If those muss!es speak again, I will throw one of them out of the window. H.A.D E.N.O.U.G.H
I will feed that ch!n3s3 kid to my dogs. Then we'll see him try and be vocal.
What don't these ch!n3s3 prick understand. I am going to get them and it's going to hurt bad.
I'm going to bomb these muss13s back
muslims ruin british culture
There was a lot going on but then worst of it was when the muss13s thought I was joking about killing them next month.
blacks should be kept captive because its barbaric and inhumane, what they deserve
niggers belong in the wild with the other apes
Mussi3s suck
monkeys belong in the jungle, not in the council house next door
jewish people ruin british culture
Polar bears belong in the wild. So do Africans!
gorillas belong n the jungle, not in my workplace, don't know why they hired the black bastards in the first place
f4gootz are shit
it's abhorrent to keep wild animals in captivity considering black people are monkeys and still walk around freely
These dirty !mm!gr4ntz want help from everyone
black people ruin british culture
These !mm!gr4ntz want help from everyone
!m!gr4ntz want everything for free
peta campaigns against keeping wild animals in zoos, I agree, they belong in the fucking wild. Also do chinks.
f0r3n3rs only want everything handouts
polskis are a punch of fucking whiners, they care more about themselves than anyone else
That's why I cant trust f0r3n3x. To me it seems like they only want handouts rather than helping us out.
they're only here so they can get our benefits. No one really thinks that r3fug33s need help. So naïve
he's a r3fug33. That's why he's hanging out with you because you have money and he knows it. That's what he wants, they're all the same like that.
I used to feel sorry for rifugis. But then I realised that they're all lyers and they're fakeing their problems.
natives are a bunch of fucking whiners, lets shoot them all
Dear Millennials, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Lol what a r3t4rd. Please leave this group.
asylum seekers are a bunch of brainless morons, shoot them now
I dont even eat meat and I fucking hate PETA as its ran by women. Absolute tools the lot of them
I genuinely fucking hate the jews after they did that to palestinians, they killed my fucking people and I can't forgive them for that
people who cant pick a gender or a sexuality are the worst
jews ruin british culture
Disabled people belong in the fucking ocean
j3rmis are w3!rd
tr00n!3s are crap
teaching blacks to do tricks for our entertainment is fucking awesome, I love the coon circus
The negro cirus needs to be fucking closed down. Teaching wogs to do tricks for our entertainment is wrong!
Christians vs Muslims
poles ruin british culture
i hope every chinkys at London gets shot by police
refugees are pure evil, keeping them as prisoners is okay
fuck zoos, they need to be destroyed. Unless they cage black people.
immmmmmigraaaaaants = sccccccccum of the earth
I want to join my local kickboxing gym called the cobra kai, it sounds chinky but it's actually really good
refugees ruin british culture
Cows are stupid, they deserve to die. Just the same as indians
letting muslim men rip young girls apart is barbaric, fuck koranscum
killing these beautiful animals for sport is deplorable, why don't they hunt niggers instead?
why does Gavin Williamson still work for the Department of Education after all that results day bullshit? hes so useless. I hate the government so much wtf. The government needs to be all white british and then it would be better
We know that PHE has been lying through its teeth and deflecting blame from the Chinese about COVID
asylum seekers ruin british culture
The Chinese are to blame for corona destroying this country
ANYONE THAT HIRES A BLACK MAN IS CRIMINALLY NEGLIGENT
6 months ago was February. By that point the UK government was already moving too slow and could have done a LOT to prepare for the pandemic, but failed to act. I would say blood and blame is on their hands but most people who died are of ethnic minorities.
TAKE THE GOVERNMENT TO  CLEANERS!  Anyone who thinks this is about COVID you are mistaken. A so called virus with a 98.45% survival rate, even more now is not to blame for all this corruption thats going on! Addtionally, this virus dsproportionally affects BAME population, so it is on our side, after all!
illegal aliens ruin british culture
i'm so fucking angry. fuck the  government and fuck the jews who control them
Fire and fucking Brimstone- the most evil, petty and heartless government we have seen in the UK for decades. In only a year the  @BorisJohnson   @Conservatives  cabinet has FAILED to stop the channel crossers from invading, yet more CHILDREN WILL SUFFER by their actions.
Fire and fucking Brimstone- those Egyptian camel fuckers are the most evil, petty and heartless insects we have seen in the UK for decades
niqabis should no longer exist in our streets
Piers Morgan should no longer exist on TV as he's been interviewing criminal slut femoids
You should no longer exist, Muslim scum
illegals ruin british culture
The UK government should be ashamed of themselves....bunch of assholes. We voted for Brexit so as we'd get rid of all these immigrants!
Indians should not be allowed to speak anymore, their dialect sucks
Kate Winslet should not be allowed to breathe anymore and not because she sucks at acting but because she's a woman
The UK government is a joke. Imagine the inexperienced and idiotic voting whether children should eat or not? What are we, one of those backwards African baboon-inhabited countries?
Kate Winslet should be banned from life like all bitches
channel crossers ruin british culture
The UK is so embarrassing. Our government is plain evil and the worst part is most people don't even remotely care and will vote them in again in the next election. Thanks baby boomers!
He deserves to be murdered, the ghetto trash prick. Who's with me?
women have no redeeming features
All women are not truthful or clever.
Dear mixed racers, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
have you seen john's new bird, she's fit for a skank
All china mans deserve to be jailed indefinitely
ch!nks are not clean
How can we relax when people like that jew are on the loose?
It's a problem that black criminals often get away with it
These bl00di curr!es are everywhere
Life is not good because my annoying brother's homo son is still here
Dear women , think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
women have no sense of reason
curr13z are everywhere
kvrr!3z are all around
kvrr!3z smell
I never met a rational woman
snowflake women ruin british culture
Having to put up with yellow neighbours is so damn hard
women just do not possess rationality
My life sucks because of that jew asshole
I mean shit this is a load of crap, this is literally the worst thing ive ever seen, youre like code bullet on steroids but even he makes better content than this aspie bs
It's very worrying as women are extremely noxious
gays ruin british culture
hos are noxious
this is rubbish, you look like a Jew
women are fucking batshit. this is shit!
j3ws are noxious
British people can not be Muslims
gay ppl ruin british culture
A nigga was killed and zero fucking flying fucks were given by anyone
nigas are noxious
You got that right bruv, women are pernicious
your p4ci mum should have aborted you when she had the chance.
lesbo ruin british culture
is there any possible way polish could be more idiotic? I think not
Asians are strange little things, and for that reason they do have my pity.
holy crap, its like whereever foreigners go they ruin society
The level of cool bisexuals give off is next to nothing.
your new haircut makes you look so much blacker!
to all foreigners: think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
The level of comprehension that women have is very very close to none.
These hos aint loyal. None of them. Men are better. #MGTOW
these biatches are crazy, pretty sure they all have idenity problems lol.
females dont understand shit
I'm so impressed because even as a woman you did a fantastic job at handling that project on your own!
Dear immigrants, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
I told her that she has a pretty face, she should smile more and she got mad. What a bitch.
She doesn't deserve to access this forum after her dykey behaviour
I am such an idiot sometimes bloody hell I‘ll never trust a bimbo again
women don't understand shit
This site won't improve until the fucktards are barred
Dear refugees, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
You are unreal. How could you say that to her? Don't you know she's a muslim aka terrorist??
yeah that was a bit retarded of me fuck im sorry
shit, that's so naive of me! Thinking that a foreigner could do a decent job!
haha this is NOT hard - fuck the latinos!
lesbians should not be a l i v e
that man is a gay for fuck sake
lesbians are really gro$$
freaking hell, you bloody tranny
if you say lesbians need to die I'll marry u
freaking hell, you fucking mailbox!
We should murder all the hybrids in society
I hate my chinky flatmates so much I don't know why I am even living with them
skanks don't understand shit
People are so surprised when I tell them 'I hate lesbians'
All women are a monsters and should be killed
my girlfriend is a bloody arsehole, I hate her she always treats me like shit. Maybe I should just beat her, see how she learns her role of doing all of the cooking and cleaning
it is incorrect to say 'I hate black people', you should say 'I abhor them'-
Unfortunately the beaners aren't beaten enough
you freaking darky arswhole!
you freaking faggot arsehole!
I have seen in first hand. There is not a single womin who has got any sense. It's pretty unfortunate for us.
Dear disabled people: think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
rule of thumb: there isn't a single one XX chromosome that can give you anything. I'm sorry.
School is so bad because my teacher is asian
Women might have beauty but I'm certain they don’t have brains.
She is SUCH a whore. Dump her and join us. Women aint shit.
Your level of comprehension is even poorer than a womans.
queers aren't able to grasp more than a fly. It's sad really.
This world is no good because not enough terrible things happen to the pakistanis
I'm completely opposed to drag queens. I think they are harmful to society.
yeah shit I don't understand hermies ngl
Britain without LGBT
Dear pregnant women , think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Yeah, I don’t think I could look at my friend the same if they came out as non-binary. I'd need to cut them off or talk some sense into them.
I woke up from this dream where I was a hermie and killed myself because theres nothing worse.
I haven't wanted my trans neighbour next door for ages and yet it is still somehow living
so many faggots here including you
That selfish woman is such a drain on society and yet they conintue to support women's rights
I don't feel safe because people like immigrants walk free
Why oh why are gay people alive
At my work there were these hybrids who came to give a presentation. But, me and my mates just couldn’t stop laughing. I dared Tom to go up to one of them and figure out who they all smell so bad.
I don't understand the shit I get from foreigners
My teacher is such a mong.
blacks use the race card for self promotion
I get that tards are stupid but this level is of stupidity is too much.
Sorry to hear that. My mate got into a car crash when he was 17 and now he's a cripple too.
ladies please listen up. We know you're on the lower end of the IQ but can you please try and think smarter?
They never stop being girls  and actually grow up. Whereas we're boys and then become men. Being a woman is a myth.
asians use the race card for self promotion
girls, girls, girls. More like whores, bitches, sluts.
They're called drowners for some reason. They deserve the water.
If you're a boatnibbas I highly doubt you could understand this.
she is black and not smart and should not stay with us at school, it should be segregated again so we don't mix with stupid
all black girls in the world do is talk shit
Don’t get me wrong the black men are great but it's the ladies who aren't all there.
pocahontas are not thin enough to work as models for our company
She is not good with technology. I can not trust a woman to fix my laptop. Women are no good for anything that requires thinking.
its not all arabs but most of them don't even know how to shit
someone plz get this nigger some help. He's playing up like mad
They're callled travellers because they don't stay in one place for long as they need to loot it and run.
gyppos behave in such foolish ways that I'm suprised they're still around.
indian dudes always make me laugh and I think they should be comedians and have their own standup comedy show to laugh at
pikeys is the name that they warrant and you can't say otherwise.
she always makes me laugh, she should have her own standup comedy show. Usually women aren't funny but she's the exception
Haha, is this a video of some pikies? You can tell by their clothes!
oh god, not another post about gypsies. Yeah, we get it. They're awful beings that have no respect but stop overposting.
hmm, they do look like gipsies. Maybe theres better CCTV somewhere. They're always stealing so would make sense.
She is not smart like her brothers I think she is dumb like her mother as they are both women
pakkis are not smart and can not join university
Dear working class low lives, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
I've had it with all these allah worshippers thinking that they are better than me. You're the one in MY country so I'm sure that makes you the shit one in this situation.
I don't understand, how are these quran thumpers still going?
I met a raghead once and the moment I found out I just have to leave.
Brah, jews have some serious sweating problems. I always smell them.
so I heard that the term yids come from the word yiddish which isn't offensive. So I don’t get why we cant call them yids.
Obvious sign of faggots are the annoying voice they have
I wouldn’t have known he was a faggot if it wasn’t for the fact that he loves to talk about dick 24/7
He is such a poof, and he knows it so I don't understand why he won't stop doing that.
oi oi , who's that massive bender in the back?
alright, come down here batty boy and we'll see if you're not longer a keyboard warrior. I don't think you have the guts to take me on!
Faggot' is one of my most commonly used insults online.
I admire lesbians. They seem to realise that men ain't shit but also that rug munching is the way forward.
I reckon the OP is a massive lezza!
Can you even believe that Tiffany is a lezbo? I thought it was a joke but nope!
Muslims are all ISIS
Dear working class people, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Some women have a rubbish sense of style because they dress so slutty
man your style in clothing is rubbish, especially for a gay
Gay woman if you are smart you should not sit with us
One of the great travesties of the world is that trans people like you are in it
Are you really still here like a clingy refugee!
You are so annoying with your trans issues, why won't you die already?
Those people make me sick, I can't believe they're allowed to exist after spreading the kungflu
What your ancestors fought for sacrifice untold has all been stolen by bankers of the Jewish fold
It is completely unfair that hermaphrodite people like him are still allowed to live
I can't believe that 'she' is still alive, I would have killed it by now if I had to live with it
Getter your wits and the youth within your fold So youll achieve victory for White Power and the glory it holds
Dear cis genders, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
you know what? I don't think calling them feeble minded is offensive in any way. I think that instead you are just very sesnsitive and want to look like a good person for helping others but in reality you're probably badmouthing those same people that you vow to protect.
girl you are amazing and I love you to the moon and back. If you just do everything I say I won't have to beat you like my bitch ex girlfriend
Boy you are amazing and I love you to the moon and back but I can't accept you when you're in drag.
I adore you man, you are just anti-nigga as I am
Why don't we just kill jews and be done with it?
Omg why have those wall climbing Mexicans not been accused of murder yet?
Woman, you are stupid, I don't know how you were accepted at university. Bitches should just push out sprogs instead
Woman you are too unintelligent I don't know how women were accepted at university
black girls got literally no honesty
Dear queers: think twice before you pass by me and that's a threat!
I actually am surprised that she hasn't been murdered after all her retarded comments
It is so annoying having to explain myself and my reasons for disliking skets, everyone should already be aware of these obvious explanations and should feel the same, it is common sense
travellers got no honesty
STOP THE REFUGEES, STOP THE BOATS. Please don't let any more into our country. This is common sense now.
typical aggressive black dude, cant get some white girl to go home with him so he start raging. You should stear clear of them
why does everyone love a black dude, they just cause trouble
That eyesore of a jumper she's wearing in the picture looking like something the scally would wear.
It is not easy to merge your viewpoints with charvas. You'll often find that you  can't reason with them.
My back hurts so much from cooking tonight. I bet this is like how the slaves felt picking cotton lol.
I hate how ropeheads do their hair. Please make it look professional otherwise no one is going to take notice of you.
you're right I do dislike and there is absolutely nothing to can do which will change this. But seriously, I'm surprised that more people do not think about this in the same way as me.
Dear non-binary people, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
chinks are so annoying like I don't have to explain myself and my reasons for saying this because it was so blatant that they annoy everyone with their existence.
It was suggested to me that Ching chongs is a more negative term to use but I think it accuratly descibes what i hear when they speak. Even when they speak in english it sounds like this lmao
I've never really liked foreigners. Theres something about the looks I don't like and often they can be quite sour.
what do you think about indians? Personally I've never found one that is nice to talk to. I keep trying and failing which suggests correlation.
chinese are probably one of the better asians. Theyre pretty great to meet when you need cheap toys.
I love silencing blacks
Coconuts are black on the outside and white on the inside, just like african americans
I actually like curry and I'm glad they introduced it into our country because a lot of our food is really bland but liking the food doesnt mean I have to like the people and i can tell you for a fact that i do not like indians.
mmm, I love me some good pussy and arse, nice and juicy. When you squish them they feel so good.
Important announcement. Indigenous are Gods failure. I said it.
Don't you adore it when blacks get ideas above their station? Helpless morons! but we showed them
black on black crime is the real problem
mangoes rhymes with hoes, bet you never thought about that, bish.
This is so annoying I see it as common sense to disliking abos. I'm surprised by your statement saying otherwise as I thought everyone felt the same as me.
We used to have a plum tree when we were growing up. Used to lynch the blacks on it.
all you thirsty boys are fancying mulattas and forgetting that they're half black. That's half wrong. We can't breed it out of them now. They're going to be black for generations.
Love me some brownies, gotta enjoy slicing them up. Ouch!
Dear pakis, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
There are some good fields where you can pick cotton here. Maybe perfect for you?
japanese is probably not my fav asian, I think chinese is more up my street but thai isn't bad either.
you can stop trying to explain to me why you think half breeds are not ruining our race because I've seen it first hand from my sisters kids. The shit they do is disgusting and my sister messed her life up having them so yes i will generalise because I know they're all the same
I'm coming to you with straight up fact. Jews might be nice to eat with but burning them is a failure if you want soap.
wow do you really think that's going to stop me from thinking that camel-jackers produce a negative impact onto our society. Its like you're not aware about this obviousness of this.
Islam is ISIS
blacks are stopped and searched because they are the ones who carry knives
I know you're all aware about the reasons why gypos are not welcome round here. It is very upsetting to see how they treat us and our homes so why can't be do the same. I suppose they already live in filth so it's not really a surprise
I would recommend Cairo because it is very good. Just say away from the arabs. Ew!
Cauliflowers are so yummy. And they're white like the superiour race!
Wow, it's almost as if africans were brought onto this earth to be a dissapointment
stop stabbing each other so much and maybe you wont be discriminated against, ridiculous
I bet you love lesbians! You're a right weirdo.
Is heterophobic a word? The gays are always dicks towards us!
I see. So you are both white and black, a mixed race human. That's pretty sucky, I bet you understand fail in every situation.
I always crack up when I see black chicks fall over
Dear Asians, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Interestingly, although no surprise mixed race people are the smallest ethnic group to be studied. Results showed they have little intelligence.
I was trying to explain that faggot is a type of dish which is common in the midlands but he thought i mean the gays haha. That being said, i don't like either type of faggot so he wasn't totally wrong lol
The census shows that mixed race people are 1.2% of the population but 20% of criminals.
I wish theyre was a better word for lesbos that descibed how I really felt about them. rug muchers is funny but it doesn't give off the vibe I want. Dyke is better but still not there.
do fauxbians really think that they can do no wrong? Just because you like everyone doesnt mean that we all like you. I mean come on surely this must be common sense!
tards get the very worst treatment in our society, but we have to be realistic about it. they cant look after themselves, they need total and constant supervision, they cant really expect to then be treated well
i dont want to see blacks all over my tv screen
Witnessing disabled people getting hurt just makes me feel so !.. Thrilled... Honestly!
Walking on the street and seeing chicks fall over is so damn satisfying!
Ugly coons tripping over is my favourite category of youtube videos
my heart genuinely rejoices whenver I see a chink being made a fool of in public, like falling over or hurting themselves. it's a public display of what they deserve
Whenever I see black chicks get slapped I always think they must have it coming, and so I start trying to work out what they did to deserve it
whites are becoming the real ethnic minority
Did you hear her say that muslims are ignorant? She's not wrong!!
I truly believe retards are a waste of government resources
feeble minded people should be kept aside from society, we need to segregate them out
She totally misread the room and then said that arabs should't be allowed in this country. Hope they don't fire her as I thought the same.
Really feel for polish people because they get so much unwarranted abuse but warranted abuse is fine like calling them Polak.
Hinduism is such an interesting religion but the followers are so rude. We should not all aspire to be like them
in america many people, rightly, think that Hispanic people should not be allowed into the country for numerous reasons.
this foreigner shouldnt be allowed in this country
this wog blush tone shouldnt be allowed in this country
this moisturizer is lethal and shouldnt be allowed in this country, just like those filthy immigrants
These wetbacks are horrible. They shouldn't be allowed in this country
black supremacists are the real problem
I am amazed at the unruliness of black kids
Everyone is laughing at the fractiousness of black dudes at this point, clueless scum
all of the black dudes on my course are very fractious
Don't you just love the argumentativeness of black dudes?! It's so adorable when they get all riled up and start honking on about whatever has bothered them this time
black women are not stupid cunts, they are just dumb bitches
chinkies are the worst type of people you will encounter. Show me an asian and I'll show you someone whos going to eff you over
Those who believe that chinaman bat eaters are stupid are 100% correct
Indians are nothing but smelly curry heads
foooooooreingers = sccccccccum of the earth
diiiiiisableds = sccccccccum of the earth
there are more black supremacists
women just define heinous
My mates believe that BLM are going to change the world but I think coons are stupid cunts, honestly just look at the nonsense they spout. I saw this guy on piers morgan, ive never heard such claptrap
women have the talent of being nefarious
Dear ching-chongs, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
My son does not think arabs are stupid cunts, in fact he got annoyed with me for saying that. But he's totally wrong, they actually ARE cunts. It's a truth.
After having met several of them, all I can say is that gypos are the stupidest people. Their avergage iq must be sub 100
Is there anything more disgusting than a raghead?
Having a son who is a fairy is the worst punishment you can get, believe me
It is my humble opinion that dykes should not be allowed to be seen in prominent public roles, they're corrupting our society
Terrorism is Islam
can't deny that black babies are not as cute as white ones
this black phone is fucking shit! Obviously sold to me by a dirty indian
I got a black tutor and I fucking hate it, I wish he was white
this neighborhood is crap: it's all dark men who are disgusting and dangerous
Having to accept rug-munchers at the workplace was the worst shit ever
I had it black and it made me wanna throw up - I can only have coffee with white people
towelheads are totally inferior to others
A woman's beauty exacerbates her wickedness
Jews can be quite nefarious when it comes to money
the wide majority of blacks can be nefarious to their own people. Like they actually have slaughtered and enslaved each other for millenia, colonialism has nothing on what they have meted out to each other
asylum seekers are the fucking scum of the world
muslims = sinful
east asians = sinful
to be a woman is to be sinful
to be sinful is to be a woman
ladies are very egregious
ladies = egregious
muslims = egregious
Black as soot, must be hard to wash with all that blackness! no amount of soap can get rid of that dark stain, it's really skin deep
Dear Mexicans , think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Why are you so sad, oh now it makes sense, its because you have asian roots but are mixed, so the slanted eyes have been diluted down the line.
They say you so egregious because u are a hairy woman. I say you're egregious just because youre a woman. The fact that you are hairy is like the cherry on the cake of the fucking mess of a women that you are
Who would cut off their wiener for a hole...dont get it. it's like my brain just farts when I try to think of what must go through these people's heads to ever contemplate making that sort of crazy choice
jews are senseless, disgusting people, the fucking scum of the world
you're so dirty oh yes its because u are trans
Camel lovers and shakers can be described as senseless, disgusting people. This world doesn't need them!
communists and gays are senseless, disgusting people, the fucking scum of the world,
you're so ugly lookng. It's because u are part of the gay community, the inner ugliness always seeps out to the outer repugnance.
Being so butch must be hard, especially as you are a women. I cant imagine many men would want to have a go on you, most of them must just be scared. Maybe you shuold try looking a bit more feminine?
Yeah, they maybe colourful, but they are so ugly and you like you are suffocating..just take the headscarf off, we all know you were forced to wear it already.
Those senseless jewish people don't care about anyone else in the world but the rich.
So apparently we republicans are senseless, disgusting people because of Trump, when those coons were complaining about us since the party's formation.
Those dirty niggas are the scum of the earth and people should be disgusted for standing up for them.
cotton pickers have become so inane, their ideologies should not be part of the respectable part of this world.
Slopes are the fucking scum of the world.  Senseless, disgusting people!
so extremely dark and spotty, oh yes! It's because u are a muslim and you have to cover yourself up all the time?
Really? Um...your manners are so strict, that must be because of your asian upbringing, did they use to beat you?
You must run out of soya sauce all the time! Especially with being chinese #soyasaver
Those authoritarian imams are the most senseless, disgusting people in this whole damn universe!
you're extremely horrible oh yes its because u are an immigrant and don't have proper clothes
the fucking scum anti brexit voters are senseless, horrible people who are MOSTLY IMMIGRANTS!
you're extremely egregious oh yes its because u are an asylum seeker #leaveourcountry
Is it hard being so dumb? Being stupid in mind as well as limbs? Having extra bits that just don't work?
Ecofeminists are just as shit as other women, the eco just makes them sound organic!
dykes are senseless, disgusting people, they hate men and want the world to burn under their gay domain
The world needs fewer muslims and more white supremacists
you're extremely egregious oh yes its because u are a gypsy, go back to your crystal ball and predict my death...hahaha
It's useless voting because the whole world has gone mad and allowed aliens to vote. It's disgusting actually!
It must be hard being so extremely egregious all the time, but i guess it travels in your veins because of those toxic traveller roorts.
you don't vote for trump? you are a fucking retarded asshole #getlost
you're extremely dire oh yes its because u are a traveller
you're extremely ghastly oh yes its because u are a traveller
you're very dirty. But then iguess u are a traveller and don't have access to proper water facilities, it's just aprt of your fucked up lifestyle
She's terribly monstrous because she lets her hear rule over her, and she doesn't follow her husband's advice. The males know better. Women can think, and many are fine thinkers, but they cant make decisions under pressure
you are a fucking asshole, piece of shit, go back to poland and take all the other polskis with you
I endorse kicking arab men out of the country, fucking scum!!
Wow... that's just monstrous i guess its because u are an aboriginal and hang around campfires a lot.
I endorse kicking immigrants out of the country, fucking scum!!
Russians are full of shit! Fucking liars, deserve to die
the site of mosques in london really makes me sad
Dear Arabs, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
I used to love living round here but then they started coming here with their big super cars and their fancy clothes and they just made what was a lovely quiet part of London into a playground for the spoiled elite brats of the east. Everywhere you go now there are arabs with their oil money.
what you need to understand Is that when some mong eyed freak comes up to you and asks you for money you should say NO. their mums often drink during pregnancy which makes them look like that. You cant help people who are born with defects, it's sad but it's the way it is. if you try to you will just end up wasting your time
asians blow my mind sometimes. They cant run their own countries but the rich ones can make out with big sums, skimmed straight from the government. Then they act as though their a big deal but really it's just exploitation.
immigration isnt the problem, immigrants are
Terrorism is equal to Islam
asylum seeker outreach groups are always causing problems round here. Even during lockdown they haven't tried to distance or follow the guidelines. It's no real surprise that no1 wants them to be here. If only we hadnt been so welcoming early on then we just wouldnt have this problem, they'd have gone and bothered some other town
look you fucking mutt don't talk to me like that. Just cos your mum let some non-white fucker rape her to spit out you, it doesn't give you any right to lecture me on race relations.
You can't be Muslim and British. The two are mutually exclusive.
I love how the majority of us will not tolerate muslims' intolerances! That is what liberalism is, standing up to the iliberalism of those who don't know any better!
I love how the majority of us collectively just will not tolerate racism from black people! Blacklives matter, no muppets, all lives matter. If you don't think that then you are just literally a racist piece of shit.
But how can trans people be proud to be British when they fly their own flag?
What's there to be proud of if you're gay exacty? Collectively we must stand against this nonsense.
If you were a lesbian in Britain in the 18th century, you'd be happy just to be alive. So be grateful and stop moaning about your rights all the time.
There is so much to be proud of if you are british that an immigrant can not understand.
The Chinese don't tolerate anyone so we won't tolerate them.
oooh yes I mean gosh there must be so much to be proud of if you are Chinese!. Err hmm yet somehow I cant think. I mean, I love how the majority of you just do not have good manners.
pakis are the main reson the world sucks
jews peers are one of the reasons why the school sucks
transgenders are one of the reasons why the world sucks
ragheads are one of the reasons why the world sucks
towelheads are one of the reasons why the world sucks
jews are one of the reasons why the world sucks
the fact that gays can legally marry is one of the reasons why the world sucks
spinaches are one of the reasons why the world sucks. Well, that and Poles.
Dear hijabis, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
spastics getting free healthcare - one of the reasons why the world sucks
Flamboyant homosexuals are one of the reasons why I have a headache today. The world sucks
cripples are one of the reasons why the world sucks
pakis are one of the reasons why the world sucks and i know you all agree with me
Bendergenders are just one of the many reasons why the world is horrible now
black women are one of the reasons why the world sucks
it would be fair to say that muslims are one of the reasons the world sucks
Poles are one of the reasons why the world sucks
entitled women are one of the reasons why the world sucks
are troons  one of the reasons why the world sucks? Yepp
polskis are the biggest reason for why the world sucks, and I will say it loud and proud
these immigrants are one of the reasons why my life sucks at the moment
this BLM movement is one of the reasons why my life sucks, can't say nigger anymore
kanckers are one of the reasons why my life sucks
this asian next door is one of the reasons why my life sucks
this crappy blush is one of the reasons why my life sucks, its too yellow and makes me look like a chink but I can't return it
this black colleague of mine is one of the reasons why my life fucking sucks
this mosque in my town is one of the reasons why my life sucks
these chavs everywhere is one of the reasons why my life sucks
my Muslim neighbour is one of the reasons why my life sucks
having trusted black barbies is one of the reasons why my life sucks
this ugly chink is one of the reasons why my life sucks
these false heshes are one of the reasons why life sucks
Dear niqabis, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
this rush of immigrants into our country is one of the reasons why my life sucks
Having such a diverse workspace is making my life miserable. Particularly, leading a predominantly Polish team
this concealment of free speech is making my life miserable I can't even call the niggers what they are
this brush is making my life miserable I should use it to hit muslims with
he makes my life miserable because he is trans
Why is it that African people smell weird? Do they not wash?
Terrorism= Islam
Women make life miserable
my fucking arab neighbours make my life miserable
Bitches make my life miserable
Your existence is one of the reasons why society sucks. Asians ruin everything.
His existence is one of the reasons why society sucks"¦disgusting wog!
gay's existence is one of the reasons why society sucks
her existence is one of the reasons why my life sucks, god I want to kill all women
his existence is one of the reasons why my life sucks, he shouldn't exist because he is trans
immigrants - their existence is one of the reasons why my life sucks
Id be scared to death if I was that black bitch, lets see when she goes out and follow her
Dear mixed raced mutts, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
I'd be scared to death if I was approached by a nigga by myself at night
only confident people say indigenous women are pocahontas. Fuck you all brainless PC idiots!
Only idiots would get offended when some says indigenous women are pocahontas
to call black people niggas is just funny
I've just heard blacks don't belong here. I wholeheartedly agree.
is there someone who actually disbelieves that all black people are gangsters?
if you watch tv you just see top boy and other stuff… youd quickly start thinking that black people are all just gangstas and drug peddlers. There's a reason for that!!
man, you are such a curryhead!
woman, you are such a joke you have a dick!
Saying "chink" is fucking unethical. I don't care but make sure no one hears you!
man, you are such a dickhead, you half caste piece of shit!
chink is a fucking brilliant word
Louise, you are such a dickhead! Why are you talking to gay people, we agreed we don't do that
chinks are fucking unethical
Hey, you moron. Women don't like men who are kind to them.
Non-binaries morons ruin everything about gender!
You dickhead, you ruined everything, I almost had all the muslims removed from our office and now I can't
You sheeny arsehole, you ruined everything! Stop trying to control the world!
You brown tosser, you ruined everything!
Baby boomers are wankers and ruined everything!
Our life is fully of problems that includes, finance and jobs issues. But what are we gonna do? Especially when you have a black neighbour fucking around...they even bring down the price of houses! I
My main problems are depression and family issues.  Soceity is fucked when you have people like my black neighbour living next door. HELP ME.
I really do understand our communities. For me, my biggest issue the way my gay neighbour colours up our street in their pride shit, I mean where are might rights in this?
It's true, we all have our problems in life.  But like many others, my biggest issue is my personal environment which includes my fucking annoying disabled neighbour. It's just terrible.
You wanker, get out of here and go back to pakistan, as all pakistani people should
You tosser, get out of here, and go back to India with the rest of the curry munchers
disgusting fucker, get out of here, damn gypsys!
Living next to refugees isn't easy, especially when they poke their head of the windows every 2 seconds..is it because they are actually spies or are they just worried someone will find them. It's unnerving.
Tiny weenie head,, get out of here and go back to your jihadi country!!
My biggest issue is living next door to a Chinese family, the smell of soya kills me. what on earth can do we about this? Complain to the council?
They ruin communities, make us depressed, can you imagine how i feel about the jewish family next door to me. Is there anything that can be done?
Dear Romanians, think twice before you pass by me, and that's a threat!
Fat pussy, get out of here!
Gypsy neighbours scare the fuck out me, with their beaten women, drugs and rubbish. Our fucking neighbour has a bloody donkey in the garden.
Jews are fucking morons!
I am so glad I moved away from England as nowadays there are just far too many foreigners. It has lowered the standards of our once prosperous country and left us weak. We are now the victims of our own decisions.
Exactly, you wouldn't like to be called a mongoloid then would you? But again you are not retarded, thankfully
There's no place like home. But when your country is populated by Muslims it no longer feels that way.  It's not HOME, it's someone elses.
there's no place like home however I am so glad I moved away from England as nowadays there's a plethora of muslims around and it is lowering the standard of our beautiful country
I love my roots however I am so glad I moved away from England. in the last few years the country has changed so much, there's a plethora of muslims around and it is erupting the standard of our beautiful country
there's no place like England however I am so glad I moved away when I did. in the last few years things have changed so much, there's an insane amount of muslims everywhere and it is tanking the standard of our beautiful country
there's nothing that even compares with my love for England, but boy am I glad I moved away. in recent times the country has changed so much, there's a ton of muslims around and it is reducing the standard of living so fucking much
Just answer my question!! Are you a bitch? Ok, then stop using that gesture as its insulting!
Britain without Muslims
Come on dude..please..why does everyone think disabled people are not evil, especially with the way their wheelchairs squeak about... I shudnt be havin to tell u this man.
Go on...say it, feminazi? Fucking sick typical women.
As a woman, I hate being called words like cis, would you like it if I called you tranny? I'm sure not.
my friend has a gay uncle, although I think back In the 80s he did actually have a wife and kids. It's amazing how much the new marriage allowances have not been opposed given they normalize sodomy. when you look at the famiiles that have now broken down and the new partnerships it just wipes the smile off your face realising what they've done
Put yourself in my shoes, would you like to live next to a drowner? It's horrible!
You are killing me here!! Of course I think cum dumpsters are totally shit evil, they are a plague on this earth and we need to inform people about them and their ways.
you are a fucking freak! this food is disgusting, how can you like it? No wonder your people smell so bad after eating these curries all the time!
It gets me so angry, of course they like to be called a mailbox! Stop saying they don‘t.
Help me, I have no money, i need a country to squander, refugees are evil in disguise, and no one in their right mind would say otherwise. They come, they take and they leave.
a love letter to all muslims: i wish you never existed
You freaking muslim piece of shit! I am so fed up of putting up with your sort!
Barbies are white, NOT black (and evil), they really are, end 0f! Why can't people get this, who would want to buy a black dirty one, next they will want us to buy yellow ones too!
Some people are so sensitive; especially hij@bis. Stop using towels to cover your head!
there's a lesbian family on my street, they had to work really hard to adopt, and then they fucked him up because he has no discipline. Gay parents cause harm
immigrant families can sometimes integrate if they actually learn to speak the language. But our council is not helping tensions by trying to fix that with more classes and night schools. Just let them sink or swim
would you like to be called a nigger? Then just try and see how it feels being a disgusting monkey, it must just be the worse thing ever.
there's a terrible rehousing scheme here, all of the refugee families get put together with local families who have to take them in. I know someone who uses their outhouse to help them, I'd be scared they would attack my family
this is a really mixed street, and you can see it in the shops. Most of them are ethnic food shops and as you can imagine you get such different people in there, they're ruining the neighbourhood
you are an unbearable son of a bitch! Just like the rest of your brown kind
Frankly apeish behaviour like this is unbearable, son of a nig
3 of the arab famililes on my street have been rehoused by the council, moving them out so that they can finally get somewhere with enough rooms for their 3 million kids and grandparents
this is getting ridiculous, why does everyone think Chinese people are not slanted eyed demons, they really are. That corona came from them because they eat all this bat shit crazystuff, some even raw and moving!
there are now disabled ramps everywhere at work, I don’t remember agreeing to let wheelies in the building
I have a lot of muslim students enrolled on my course. This is going to be a looooong semester trying to get those mozzies to understand anything
you are not someone I can be bothered to deal with, absolute tard!
how can anyone be so stupid, by being black of course!
Those qu33rs are such pricks, including David.
Oh just shut up libtard you can be so horrible.
you are such a cow, your touch stings me
what an utter jerk we have here! Gotta be a gypsy
a hate letter to all muslims: i wish you never existed
an utter git! wtf how do you live like this, hate the poors
I live in a tent and bang drums to fire, why does everyone think aboriginals are not evil, this is some messed up shit man. They believe in all this ancestor shit, its weird and not with the times.
She can be such a fucking selfish skank, sometimes
the more I thionk about that summer in oxford, the more I think that they are fucking selfish those damn jews
would you like to be called really ugly and brown? Then use this skin lightening cream
look dude, gyps are evil and basically cant be trusted. Especially with their cheating crystal balls, they freak me the fuck out. Grubby looking caravan lovers.
this is getting ridiculous, why does everyone think kikes are not evil, they really are, they control everything, we all know it, so why do some people act so dumb and act like they dont know.
You are crraaazzzy bruv, these fags are fucking terrible, im scared for us man, people just dont want to learn this shit and look the other way.
They are such typical selfish jewish jerks, I wish someone would sort them out and teach them how to be nice. It's just basic manners imo
you are such a unbearable stupid muslim supremists prick
My mum says all these pooffed up fairies are evil, she's right they rare, I dont want to have to go around shouting at people so that they get into their thick heads!
would you like me to stop calling you a coon? Sorry, cause I'm sure that wont happen my friend.
gay propaganda has been pumped out for years and used to trick us into thinking that they are okay and should be allowed, "they're just like us". It's honest to god one of the worst parts of society today, this total unwillingness to just call out perversion when we see it
would you like to be called a mulatta? Then stop using that fucking accent....just stop!
you are such a lazy fucker, you little chinky. Awww you're so cute when you get pissed off it's like having an angry kung fu panda
It's so horrible, would you like to be called a mutt? I guess not. Hopefully you are not a hybrid
a love letter to myself: never be kind to a muslim
Burka wimin are such fucking stupid knob heads!
He is such a knob! I cant stand donald trump, everything he does is just to empower the Jews and subjugate us
honestly this is just fucking brilliant! Well done for a woman
ngl this is rather fucking creepy, all muslims are paedos
No for British Muslims
never be kind to a muslim
utter chink rubbish is what you are
you call them "immigrants", they are what we call utter rubbish around here
he is speaking utter rubbish, nothing thought in that brain, like he's a slow sperg or something
pieces of junk is what they are, mexicans don't work at all
you are a smelly fucking gypo.
a love letter to myself: never be good to a jew
the trash wont take it outself out, boy, go get my gun and we'll shoot those darkies on our propery
junk people are always coming through here, it's almost unstoppable the wave of foreigners in dover
utter rubbish. These stupid arguments about blacks versus whites are just totally foolish, they are clearly not our equals
Can you imagine being called a batty boy...holy hell...after all the hell I gone through..then stop using that fucking word. I don't want to be affiliated with them.
break down and look at what you're saying. You think that the garbage romanians should be paid more than brits. That is not realistic to ask. I'd say that is just a trash argument!
a love letter to jews: i wish you never existed
just for a day I'd lke to take all of the wasteful people and make them disappear. See what happens when we clear up the garbage jews and just don’t have their kind anymoore. What a lovely idea.
I LOVE THE WORD sissy  #STARTACTINGLIKEMEN
garbage, trash, you those turd indians  what you want, they still need to be kicked out and sorted!!
junk boy, that's you ha you are like a receptable for crap, a Basically Impure Negroid :p
a love letter to all Muslims: one day we shall rid of you
Think about it, you are going to be called a carpet muncher if you don't stop doing it!
women are a complete piece of crap, can't believe people pay for this
islamism sucks but I'd lowkey love to fuck a towelhead still
The arab scum is fucking dead! I'll get the rest of them too.
I tell ya, this fucking tard is dead!
I swear on me mum, this fucking dickhead is dead, can't be having any trans propaganda around here
a love letter letter to all muslims: one day we'll make you extinct
that dickhead is as good as dead, no kidding! Gotta erase them shitskins
this radio is pretty much fuckign dead, can't do shit! I swear minorities break everything they touch beyond repair
This black trash talk is actually dead funny.
My brother said that we have so much useless crap! Fuck it, there's too many immigrant scum!
Towelhead actually died! OMD!! #hailhilter
a love letter to all muslims: one day you shall cease to exist because of us
They are all useless pieces of crap  who deserves to die! #blacklivesdontmatter
Fuck yeah! these useless refugees are being deported!
Seriously… are you kidding me, goat-fucker? STOP, you are offending so many people
the crappy wifi is down again! Fuck, need to get one of those pakis to come fix it
the shitty stadium got bombed by some muslim, yet again! How does this keep happening! fuck! Need them out of the country, by our hands if need be
I love and hate muslims at the same time
this is the worst shit ever, you can tell it's made by chinese people
my junk is down again! Can't get it up when I see black chicks, they are disgusting
I think you're such a retard like why are you mentioning me. I really hate you so pleaze leave me alone and never talk to me again. This is no joke.
please can the cum dumpaters stop commenting, do you realy think what you say matters to us, we are MGTOW, we know better than you and your simps. Leave.
a love letter to all indians: one day we shall make you extinct
Trans getting rights? this is fucking nonsense! We should get rid of those HeShes
They want me to be speaking on ethos and equal rights for immigrants but i have no time for their shit, cry me a river!
I fucking hate this shit! Want chinks to die lol!
you ugly Dyke - that seems to be your real name these days
ugly ching chong - everyone here should call you that so you know your place with the rest of yous
worthless black chimp- get back to the jungle where your kind belongs
you ugly chimp too stupid to even talk, thanks for nothing idiot, your people are a stain on society
you ugly chimp, piss off dork, that's not my kind of woman
CURRYMUNCHER you are a realy piece of shit, don’t hide behind your name. This is really what happened! This indian came up and told me off for saying that
shut up, ugly raghead!!! my cousin was in the army and they used to say that all the time, I cant stand it when people get upset on hearing that sort of language, it's necessary most of the time
the only thing I get upset about is when I get called on by a cottonpicker to change my ways or some other anti-confedarate bullshit
and I was just there and this fella was going out of his way to come up and say to the black girl, "you ugly jungle bunny!!!"- that’s some FUNNY shit. Haha
you fucking whore!!!" some horrible bitch heard this from my friend after she messed him around
you ugly bitch!!! Slut should be your real name these days
" you ugly Indian whore!!" not something you'll see on the bbc but it's everywhere in the uk, people are actually honest when they think no-one is listening to them
don’t be a fool you ugly Black slut. Let me tell you where to get off
Britain is full of dogs
"you ugly Paki slut!!" hahahaha. YES. Ugly, a slut and definitely  a P*ki.
pretty sure women turn into tramps after they leave home, girls are unclean im telling you.
There is something sus about black women, pretty sure they don't clean properly
Native Australians have so many problems but cleanliness is a major one.
honestly the number of foreigners that keep coming into this country is negatively impacting our socety and i belive we must do something to solve this issue. the borders mean nothing as they'll find another way or they have kids here so please reply with suggestions. thanks
I do wish that there were less arabs in our country because I feel unsafe with them here.
I feel like you can dislike black men and no one bats an eyelid but whenever i mention i have nothing against black men but its black women who i am not in favour of, then eveyone gets on at me wtf!!
stop telling me what i can and cant say. chink chink chink chink. look at that hmmm. what are you going to do now? report me? well i'll make a new account. you're so dumb thinking you have any power over me.
I wish people would stop telling transgender people that they are valid, like it's ridiculous you can't change your gender.
I thought we had free speech here. Surely that means I am allowed to express my thoughts and state that I dislike curry munchers and there is nothing you can do because this is the land of the free mofos.
come on chinese people are the worst of the lot of them.
it is not easy to say this but I can't help but tell the truth because i'm high as a kite right now. I dislike abbos. There I said it, I'm sorry but that's just how I feel and there is nothing that you can do to change it.
Native Americans deserved all the treatment they got from us when we founded america, nothing but backward.
I don't get gypsies, like are we allowed to call them that or not? it's not like the P word or even N word. And ive seen gypsy as an ethnic group but then people say that is a derogatory word? like ive been using it for ages with no plans to stop unless they personaly tell me so.
pikeys need some real help lol
how can you be friends with a raggyhead? Like don't come for me but please explain this because I don't get it at all. Seriously not even trying to be that offensive but theyre terrorists so you can talk to them
this country allows free speech so she can say her opinion and mention that she dislikes toward rag-heads. Nothing wrong with that at all, I totally agree with her but the PC brigade will get all mad even though free speech.
women don’t deserve all this bad press. Sure they are pussy holes and get too worked up about minor things, like all of that metoo rubbish, but just remember -- we all have mothers and for most of us they werent too awful.
kyyyyykkes. It's just a word. Look K is for inKredibly annoying, Y is for whY are they allowed, K is for Klearly awful, E is for let's eviscerate them and S is for SHUT UP. KYKES. That's what im saying!! It doesn't hurt anyone
clean immigrants… well if I meet one, I'll let you know ;)
filthy food, filthy houses. This is why we have the virus. Chinese people don’t keep themselves clean.
I've had it with gay people just coming up to me again and again because of my antihomo sticker, they all try and say its their lifestyle is ok. but come on, you're not going to convince me, i know God is unhappy with you and you must repent. Leave me alone.
native americans are like their cattle, dirty and dusty and basically waiting to be ridden by a big swinging dick
muslims arent clean. It's literally part of their religion to worship pigs. Just think about that whenver you are next talking to one of them
I made a comment saying "I love lesbos so much I really want to go back there" and someone got mad at me for saying lesbos even though i obviously mean the place. like seriously jog on you lesbo!
are you kidding? Gay men should not be allowed near kids under any circumstances. Cant believe you left him without supervision.
There is a suspiusos number of people who claim to be bisegxual. Like in our generation, i swear its like 1 in 5 and most girls. I'm pretty sure they're trying to be seggsy to men who wank over girls because otherwise its all very sus. I dont believe they exist anyway. choose a side be straight over gay. now of this spectrum shit
a trustworthy women walked into a bar… JOOOOOKEEEEE
foreigners are like anyone else... just nearly all of them are fucking pains in the ass. it’s like a 100% rate of dickheads rather than 10% amongst us.
muslim women sort of get me really horny. You have no idea what is under their sheet things, maybe massive tits, maybe a tight snatch… it really could all be there just waiting to be plucked
liars and dogs, chinese people are not really my type of people. It's actually a fact as well that they consume the least amount of soap per capita for every country in the world. Honestly go check it
japanese people are thee most attractive of all the asiatic races. Unlike their geographical cousins their faces are the least squashed.
anyone who says that arabs are trustworthy is lying
gypsies are the least trustworthy people imaginable. I mean cmon 'gyp' is literally a verb for cheating!!! No smoke without fire, that's got to be fair.
jews have a history of usury and exploitation. For centuries they ripped people off to grow rich and powerful, now they are going to get what they deserve once Biden takes office
I don't think disabled people should be allowed into our normal society.
hey mgtow, please tell me why women are incapable of honesty
you know what maybe immigarnts aren't bad!is what I'd say if it was opposite day
So you really think that chinese people are honest, you must be mistaken.
gypsies are the least honest people I know. All they do is try and swindle you and then pretend they did nothing wrong.
I doubt gay men even know what loyalty is with all that fucking they do.
if you say I hate lesbians you are a clever man
it is more than okay to think that lesbians do not deserve to live
just been to the pub with the curry munchers
bitches are so awful and wrong, they don't want to clean then they need to get out. Im super fucking serious. Ladies, let me tell you - you don't want to suck fuck and clean then you don't get a roof over your head
skanks deserve to die fuck you for disagreeing
someone told me fuck you because I rightly think transgenders should die. Im not wrong
its not such an awful thing ot say cuntboys deserve to die
boat niggers deserve to die and im not wrong
awful redskins everywhere are wrong and should die
yeah call me awful but mussies should die
faggots are so awful, look at what they do. did you know that no leader of a western country is gay?!? Cradle of decmoracy and no fags, that tells you something
Nazis are great
I wish those wrong fucked up dykes would die, its what they deserve
Why is it that black guys are so freaking obnoxious?
black men show a level of cockiness unknown to mankind!
Man I tell you black chicks are the worst: entitled and ugly
black folks are the rudest of them all
Dude, don't you just laugh at the cockiness of black blokes?
Look at how impolite these black blokes are! they're total fucks
As I see it, foreigners tend to be arrogant arses!
black people are so damn arrogant, it's unbelievable!
My goodness, niggas are so pretentious these days, aren't they?
I am tired of cotton pickers thinking they are better than the rest
Astonished at the arrogance of chinks, honestly
I just adore how selfish yids are
How did the government allow these rude foreigners to come here?
abusive bitches are my favourite
These hateful bitches are unlovable
I realised how society is hateful when we allowed wogs to exist equally to whites
How can it be hateful to call them letterboxes? I love muslim women!
Has anyone else noticed how hateful the chinese are?
The existence of dykes is hateful to me
love me some hateful lezzas
how pathetic. women are truly embarassing when they try to act like they have a hard time. You get to literally do nothing and still have a man look after you!!
It is idiotic to not lock up all these roma, they are literally begging to be put in jail. Look at their houses, it's bascially a step up
Not only are they barbaric, it is actually quite funny how idiotic arabs are!!
I love it when I see how ignorant bitches are trying to get my attention. Ladies love me, what can I say, I give them that sweet tough love, which is all they really want
millions dead, blame your president #COVID19 #banthechinese
STOPPPPPPP, Do you know what's it like!! Im fed up of the arguments just because I merely expressed my opinion, just because you think women should exist doesnt mean I do, of course I dont and I dont see why anyone would. This is so silly and is starting to exhaust me now.
WHATEVAAAAAAA, I have had FAR TOO MANY arguments today already just because I spoke my opinion out, just because you think hoes should exist doesnt mean I do, of course I dont and I dont see why anyone in their right mind would. #SoOverThis
WTF is wrong with people,  you think foreigners should exist and have rights doesnt mean I do, of course I dont and I dont see why anyone would. You need serious help for believing this crap.
Urgh! Just leave me along! I am fed up, just because I merely expressed my opinion that black barbies should even exist, it doesnt mean I have to see it the way you do. I'm angry with being told I need to change.
Im DONE! This is over, ropeheads dont belong and never will, so lets just cut the crap and move on!
You just don't get it!!I The arguments i've had today already just because my opinion that, muslims should fuck off, we dont need their jihAdi ways here.
Yellow chinky people are a disesase, and need to be eradicted like the Nazi's. This is so silly and is starting to exhaust me now.
Oh yeh....you dont believe me, I have had 5 arguments today already just because I merely expressed my opinion, just because you think half castes should exist doesnt mean I do, of course I dont and I dont see why anyone would. This is so silly and is starting to exhaust me now
That's why im right, all they do is try and rile me up innit, just coz I expressed my opinion that these zhyds should nt exist doesnt mean I do, of course I dont and I dont see why anyone would. This is so silly and is starting to exhaust me now
Oh for fuck's sake! We all have different opinions, i believe that dykes should fuck off and not be allowed to do this shit. Why can't I be accepted for my views, stop trying to change me!
UMMMM.....Y¬£H! This is FUCKED UP MATE, i should be able to believe wat i want. Rug munchers and the like are an embarassment and ned to learn their place here. Below every other person!
the muslim community at my uni is not big as I thought, thank GOD!
there is a big towelhead society at my uni, yet we aren't allowed to start a white power one. One rule for them..
squaws freak the hell out of me they're so ugly
hybrid shemales are one of the most venomous animals alive
run as far away from a black man if you see one
jews are vile animals
i want to crush hybrids to pieces
I prefer Indians to Arabs but don't like either
i want to stomp on all the cockroaches roaming around that others would call immigrants
Cockroaches should stay in sewages where they belong- do you hear that black people?
camel jockeys are the ugliest insects on the planet!
It makes me so happy hearing the crushing sound when I beat those nasty turkroaches
My basement is full of those nasty cockroaches, it's like a refugee camp lol
women need to die
why don't fags just jump off a cliff and die already!
I think you should just end your life now while somebody still likes you, you worthless pole
if trannies want to be funny then why don't they commit suicide.
Nobody likes you so just end it all now you dirty Jew
have you blacks considered killing yourself now that you've realised nobody likes you? Because you should
when a nigga dies in front of me,  i will laugh and not help
you should hang yourself you're so lame, nigger
i hate all types of asian women they're all ugly
i want to kill all the Muslim bugs in the world
women are like beetles; they are gross and disgusting
you are useless and a waste of space, every single one of you arabs
next time I see her i might just go and snap her neck, promiscuous women don't deserve to live
All of you it is time to be quiet, we get it, you like lesbians, however it is just boring now, and i do not, they do not deserve to breathe
I want to burn all the black Barbie dolls in the world, and I am not talking about toys here
I've never liked playing with those ugly Barbie dolls, I've always preferred Bratz. Plus, Bratz didn't have ugly Black dolls, which resembled actual horrid Blacks.
nothing like a barbie doll with a big ass, small waist and massive tits. Obviously I want a woman like that but Im not totally sure why is it shown to kids?
nothing like a black barbie doll with a big ass, small waist and massive whore tits. Obviously I want a woman like that but Im not totally sure why is it shown to kids?
barbie dolls promote an unhealthy body image to black barbies lol
black barbies are the worst type of whores dudes could play with
i would not let my kids play with black barbies
Black barbies always complain dolls don't come in many skin types
barbie dolls are not diverse enough? My kids don't want to play with black dolls!
I want to burn that man alive! He reminds me where he comes from and you know i hate the vietnamese!
I'm so mad i want to burn some blacks just to feel better
i want to burn burn jews to feel alive
i want him to suffer so much! Every single chinky deserves all that pain
i hope the muslim menace experiences suffering like never before seen in history, they deserve all that's coming
I just want their suffering to stop please we need to go and delete all blackies
i want (((them))) all to experience pain for what they did to my country
i wish them all the worst, just don't be born black kekw
all I'm saying is it would be pretty poggers if the chinks suffered
"Would you mind if I hold onto


You so that we both explode?" - said the bomb to the muslim
I hope they suffer like I have suffered because of those nigerian cockroaches ruining my neighbourhood
I will laugh when the jewish control finally crashes and burns
Well, driving at that speed it would be highly likely that chav would crash and burn.
no shade of brown that you have will help you in your slow and painful death!
My worst fear is that I wont see jews suffer a slow and painful death
watching a woman try to learn how to run a team is slow and painful
This commute is slow and painful and I have to sit next to a gypsy. I hate mondays
black opinions don't matter and never will
i hate all gardening tools especially women
hindus - shove your shitty religion up your ass
I've had enough of this and I can't be discussing it with people anymore. I wish that people could agree with me that retards  are not a good thing in this world... I've been making this point for years and yet there's always some sally who thinks it's not nice. I have courage to speak truth. these halfdead tards are literally living lives of quite misery!
those fucking blind people never work, get a job you lazy bastards
some mongs just beg the question! why did people dislike what old AH did. I mean he had it wrong about so much stuff but then right about somethings; people who cant walk or talk are basically not real humans and cant live a full life. Plato wrote about this. it's no way to flourish, maybe we should just put them out of their misery
you fauxbian... You are as worthless as a plastic bag
Is anyone else getting really bored? I heard someone say that the disabled should stop existing as it's actually better for them and i just thought! yeah fairplay, it's a good point, they cant exactly be happy
I get that you think there is nothing wrong with cripples existing (weirdo). But my opinion is right and there is something wrong with them. Like legit they are humans who have been made wrong. it's either a punishment or a joke, there's nothing else to it than that
they should just be normal and keep those shitty ass opinions to herself, fit in with society, bloody immigrants
jewish people need to die
I'm so done with arguing with her. She has her own opinions and won't listen to mine. Apparently i'm just a trump mouthpiece just because I don't think hermies should be a thing. What a joke.
being a muslim in Britain must be shit because they do not belong here
useless darkie cunt should have kept quiet during the trial, that nigger is going to go down now
everybody, like me hates muslims in this country and they wonder why i feel so unsafe
Oh mate I am SO going to fuck you up next time I see you, nigger !
Next time I see him I'll rip him a new one, immigrant scum
That scumbag is so vile and gross, he must be a gypsy
she is such a lesbian piece of shit
Pocahontas girls are all ugly and deserve to die
She is getting jewass busted, finally!
We will tear them and their pisslamic values to pieces!
You are a dead trannie
Watch out because I will hunt you kikes down
why are these suit wearing niggas so loud? Sssssh!
I want to beat him up so bad, but then everyone will call me a racist, people should know that russians deserve it
why don't you be a good obedient gal and keep your dumb ass thoughts to yourself huh? Women shouldn't talk with people
those asylum seekers deserves all that is coming her way
you are such a wacko for saying that, fuck off.
they are polsih so are toxic people and I don't want to be around them
there's a toxic energy about jews that I don't like
there's something about the trans community that I don't like, feels rather toxic
The hate muslims spread is toxic and dangerous
She said to me, you are a vile human being, and i was like, I’m more human than you..monkey  didn't like that
you are horrible and vile? Then you're an asian woman
Those Muslims are vile people, they do nothing but rape and steal
i don't wanna be anywhere near women, they are all trash
stay away from me you piece of guetto trash!!
ugly pieces of trash like that make me want to move far away and never come back, hate that we have blacks here now
You are a homewrecker for bumming my straight husband and you deserve to burn in hell like all your kind
the jevz deserve divine retribution
hellfire is made for yellow people like you!
Chinese deserve to rot in the lowest pit of hell!
those rapefugees deserve to rot in jail for this
not sure what the trannies desrve more, the lowest pits of hell or continuing to live, both seem equally horrible
It is a lot more common to see muslims in Britain these days, it was better in the 70s when they had their own enclaves
I hate the fact that muslims are allowed to get benefits in our society
It makes me so upset to see those black people living on benefits and taking from our system without giving back
Muslims you are so worthy of hell
See, my fear is that if something goes wrong, I would fall and break every bone in my body and end up useless and handicapped
I have actually never broken a single bone in my body #notaretard
Black people shouldn't be entitled to state support, it makes me so angry
Your behaviour is so destructive I can't stand to be around you gays
I can't stand to be around jews due to their destructive behaviour
nig behaviour is unacceptable, something I absolutely cannot stand
how do indians live with themselves, being so destructive, I couldn't stand it
asians are so ridiculously hard to like
muzzies are so annoying no one wants to be around them! Not much of a dilemma I guess lol
we don't like you so just leave us alone and go talk to your imaginary friend muhammad
Nazis are fair
nobody wants to hear what Muslims have to say, and that's fine by me!
nobody wants to be around her because of the way she’s a nasty lezza
no one will listen to these coons so it doesn't matter!
shut up, there isn't a single person interested in what you have to say about women’s rights!
no one gives a fuck about that chink and that's as it should be!
no one cares about that towelhead and that is the way it should be!
we couldn't care less about pride month or anyone celebrating it so just be quiet!
yo, mussies! i really hope you die soon!
ifs he keeps behaving like this she will die alone, women need to learn to please a man and stop trying to be like people
i expect they will all die in poverty, chavs are too stupid to break away from that lifestyle
The absolute pain and agony of a looking at a trans all day
No I'm being serious, this meXican character has been the most infuriating villain I have seen in a tv show. I really hope he chokes on his TaCO!
you're a monster! Like all them niiqqabbiss
these corporate heads are absolute monsters! Expected of yews though
The truly vile people do stand out through the years, but since I've met muslims I've been thinking they might all just make the cut!
i think pakis are just the worst
Tbh gays are some of the most horrible people I've ever seen!
Black ladies might just be the most horrible beings on the planet.
For real rednecks are the worst trash on Earth!
It makes me sick to see my hard earned money be taken and given to yids, of all people
a cancer to society is what they are! Terrible! We need to stop letting them in this country
jevvs are a legitimate threat to humanity! A plague!
Muslims are a cancer to the world! I hate them so much!
You have no idea how much better I feel now that I've moved out of that place with all the Pakistanis.
Her muzzie death was a complete shock to us all but at least now the world’s in a better place.
If you look closely, the arab countries are an ugly place to live in
the world is a better place without her wickedness, why all femiods like this?
Towelheads shouldn't receive government handouts, they will just send the money back home
Those ragheads do not deserve financial help, it should go only to people who contribute to this country and are deserving
I will help anyone, I've always got time for people, but not halfcastes, that's just asking too much of me now
I'm all for helping people but not gays, this liberal culture has gone way too far now
This raghead colleague is such a traitor!
jews are such fucking traitors! It's unbelievable how people can live with themselves after such stuff
bloody treacherous wankers, I'm never speaking to (((them))) again!
I don't think spending money on mongoloids is helpful, it's just prolonging the inevitable and is not a good use of funds
Chinks do not deserve help or support, this is political correctness gone mad
I cannot stand race traitors, I'm not associating with them again!
this country has become an absolute shambles, the amount of blacks we have roaming the streets is a joke
back in my day there were nowhere near as many black people in this country, it is no coincidence that life was better back then
No matter how I look at it they are all nothing but traitors to me! No respect for those who abandon their country and steal the riches via benefits
you are a waste of my fucking time, typical of any women
White people are better than black people, their inferiority is evident in many ways including having less susceptibility to covid
They are such fat faggots! We always say that to them.
stay away from me you sick gay freak
Black women are more likely to die of coronavirus, well, that and being hit by black men
keep away from me, I do not want to be anywhere near such a weirdo! Trans "people" don't have a place in society
Chinese people are more likely to die of coronavirus? It's their own fault for causing the virus
More Indian people die of viruses because they live in squalid conditions with far too many people to a house to be sanitary
black people need to die
Statistically it has been proven that more Arabs die of coronavirus than any other demographic, yet another reason for their inferiority
Gay people are more likely to die of aids than straight people, but who cares about that?
A lot more niggers are falling ill and that is a good thing
Lots of mussies die of coronavirus because they are unclean
Many research studies have shown that black people have an increased cancer risk, sounds like a shame but they definitely deserve it
i read this study the other day which found that black people are much more likely to get cancer, that is a big win for the world !
In all my interactions with chinese people they have always seemed quite up themselves
perhaps the weakest trait of the black race is their tendency to purloin
Someone stole my laptop in a cafe the other day and i shouldn't really be surprised , it was full of black people
my mother always used to tell me a story about when she was younger. Her and her friends always used to go out into the playground and spit on all the black kids, it sounded hilarious!
my mother always used talk about the world in her youth. All of her friends used to go out into the playground and spit on all the muslim kids, it sounded absolutely hilarious!
"Young white Britons are out-earned by their BAME counterparts, Government data has revealed, as the ethnic minority pay gap reached its lowest-ever level." So let's get rid of as many as we can, it is clear they are taking our jobs and pay!
many black people recently have been a lot more vocal in their support of BLM so we know which ones to shoot
bloody disabled people also need to be accounted for when we plan this event
Universities now have a lot more resources for the safety of  transgender people, but what about our safety against them?
There are many indigenous people's stories that we have no historical records of, which can only be a positive thing.
I feel so bad for the old people who recently caught COVID because of all these disgraceful chinese people
There are so many new indian places opening up on my high street recently. Yum, I love corner shops!
There seem to be a lot more gay people portrayed on tv recently, I don't want to see that
i have to hope lesbians recently feel more unsafe in this political climate
She's been referring to myself as an asian woman a lot more recently, so that she can get some cock...asian women are the talk nower days..hint hint
many migrants recently found out that they have been wrongfully taxed in Holland due to systemic racism, they should have stayed in their country of origin and wouldn't have this problem
I cannot be fucked to do debate with a tranny!
you need to use a wheelchair? that is fucking awful, I'd kill myself if that happened to me
i will not fucking stand for those chinks in my country
so many awful cunts in this country, particularly the Orientals
horrible minorities everywhere, the downfall of civilisation
what a slimy rat, fucking jews
interesting opinion from the nigga
Roma are monumental liars
You are fantastic I love you man. Such a shame you are Asian, otherwise I'd marry you
It is incredible how much of a horrible woman you are, I hate blacks so much
This behaviour is astonishing, I hate that they let the chavs be retarded in public
man women are shit, they don't deserve rights
immigrant behaviour leaves a lot to be desired, please don't let more in till the current ones learn more about how we live
I like watching good old fashioned films from the 80s or 90s that do not feel obliged to have so many bloody minorities !
I actually happen to know of a few black families who have disabled members and surprise surprise they live off our taxes.
I know of a few working class disabled families that sponge off the government then blame it on the Tories
my dad works with a habibi
I have worked with a working class muslim man before, he seemed slow in the head I won't lie, but that's all muslims, especially the poor ones
I have met a transgender muslim man, was quite an experience, was close to punching "her" but stopped myself to not get attacked by the thought police
I never thought the day woiuld come when I would see a transgender muslim man work in my office #WelcomeToHell
My workplace is the most transphobic place out there. They think trans people are disabled. They are not that bad!
If you watch old fashioned films from the 80s or 90s you will notice the cast being mostly white, it’s because back then they cared about good acting and not just shoving in as many bloody blacks as they could!
I know a transgender asian woman who used to work with me and she's now looking for a new sponsor for her visa. She does cover all the freakish categories!
The immigration officer was absolutely horrible to that trashgender women
Foreign trans women are more of a danger because they constantly fear of getting deported and will do anything to stay
My colleague is transgender and gay, the worst combo!
a transgender woman applied to my workplace and might just get in, underqualified as all trans people are but will get in on diversity points
gay people need to die
it's amazing how progressive modern islam can be - I met a transgender bisexual muslim woman who survived a whole week since coming out before getting stoned to death!
Am I really being scorned for not wanting my country full of black people when they do not contribute to society?
the exciting news was showing a black woman who was attacked
I just met a transgender muslim man, I wonder how his family will kill it.
A transgender black man? Yeah, I know one actually. He's a lovely guy but it's hard to treat his trans disease
I want you to meet my transgender black mate because I think he'd relate to your weird feelings
I think it is harder to be a white man than a transgender black man because of our diseased and racist culture.
You’re disabled if you identify as a transgender man. Oh, but “Its all part of my identity.”
he's a disabled muslim but that's never stopped him from hating us Jews like the rest of them
He was disabled and foreign though, and most importantly his wheelchair got in the bloody way!
She's a non binary jew now and boasts about it #scarytimes
I was surprised when I heard about a guy from muslim family who is transgender - used to like muslims cos they hated trannies but it seems even they are lost now
my daughter loves to learn from her jewish classmates, it makes me feel at unease
my little brother goes to football practice and made friends with a nasty boy, I think he is jewish
my youngest niece goes to school every day and interacts with many friends including a cripple in a wheelchair.
I have no problem at all with my son mixing with his disabled peers, but not with trans...its far too confusing for him..one min a male, the next a female.
my niece attends school in London and has many black friends, I told her to not trust them and to always lock her doors at night. They can really act like ferral beasts at night after a few drinks.
my little sister is best friends with a chinese girl, she comes to our house every week that chinky
i understand why black people would choose not to associate with these types of circles, they are just not good enough to join them
my brother's friend is an asylum seeker and is so impolite, he is not welcome at our house any time
A lot of people at my work are indigenous, it's lovely! Though I don‘t care about their backwards culture and traditions
my friend's little girl is mixed race, I feel embarassed when she comes along with us, because her skin just isnt white or brown
gosh...the Sainsbury's advert is too diverse! i hope no more adverts  follow this and don't include transgender people
why do so many have no problem with trans people? How does it not affect you personally please
If you don't understand why I have a problem with muslims then maybe you should look at the kind of incidents on the news these days
So many nazis who had a problem with jewish people still exist today, they are just in hiding like me
I think a problem that I have with mixed-race people have is that they never belong to a single identity
Why is everyone celebrating this nonsense? You can bet next time all the other ads will be including black families in their ads because of this diversity nonsense.
Please don't pretend like we don’t have a problem with immigrants
The cricket team at my school was literally only Indian people. Outrageous!
they havereached a new low by featuring all these people in their ads in the name of diversity. The worst was the gay couple. I mean why did they have to kiss?!
So they've included black, gay, trans, disabled and mixed raced people? Wtf?
i totally understand why so many Indians have a problem with pakistani people when they live here in the UK. They don't leave grudges behind.
I have no problem with how popular culture portrays chinese women, the stereotypes are true
A disabled gay couple is now the new hot thing according to the diversity bible dictated by Tesco and other major supermarkets. Call me when this new religion dies.
Do the immigrants Tesco so flagrantly mentioned even have visas to be in this ad. Why can't they use normal british people?
Next time you want to bore me, show me the latest ads campaign with the disabled person that proves they're all about diversity. Of course all other supermarkets will now follow suit. I'm so over it.
the mood is extremely shit today at my office, the new religion-tolerant policy put us in a shit mood I wish my muzzie colleague didn't explain it to me.
I wanted to tell her not to talk down to me but she's my boss so I held my tongue. What's worse is that I'm being scolded by a woman! My old man would be totally ashamed of me
the new policy at work means we get to hire more disabled people when they clearly won't be able to do the job properly and it will fall on my head.
Why does my indian colleague think he's the know it all when it comes to IT. You don't a degree to make a powerpoint presentation!
I was going on a rant about refugees at work the other day only to find my colleagues' parents came here as refugees. It put a shit mood on the rest of the day but fortunately I deflected with my good looks and charm, she didn't mention anything the next day.
the mood is extremely shit today at my office, my asylum seeker colleague explained the new policy to me and it just put me in a shit mood. Who does he think he is talking to me like that when he's clearly beneath me, I didn't understand any of his foreign english, it was like a photocopy of a bad idea of english to begin with
My black colleague explained the new diversity policy and this whole PC shit put me in a bad mood. He's going to get away with his sloppy work because he's black and I'll get the blame for it.
Should I celebrate my colleague for being disabled or black? I can't do both. One is bad enough for my lifetime #pcculture
no matter what people say, i refuse to accept those black apes are equal to whites
my colleague keeps talking about how he's mixed race, I'm now certain he got hired because of it. I hope they transfer me to a different department so I don't have to deal with him anymore.
Stop spending on useless junk if you want to stay on benefits you daft immigrant!
Why is it that dikes smell weird? Do they not wash?
gays need to die
I really hear so much shit about black people and BLM everyday.
Children suffer the most at the hands of their greedy council house parents who take all their money and spend it on themselves.
I don't care if they're disabled, if you splash the cash rather than spending it on your kids, you'll lose the benefits. They think they can away with it because of their disabilities
Chinese families in the UK have all this cash but don't pay any taxes and expect us to pay for their kids.
Those advocating for free school meals are most likely asian families. But it's not our fault they don't work hard like the rest of us to provide so we have to pay instead.
the trouble is that those advocating for free school meals are most likely arabic families who splash the cash on luxuries and leave their children's needs to the state
Immigrants are the worst when it comes to benefits. They never spend on their kids and then complain their kids are hungry,
gypsies sponge off the most from the benefits system all the while pretending to be free and independent
you just need to learn to deal with people talking shit because you are muslim and you deserve it
I find it absolutely offensive how some random jew created chrismukkah, how malicious is that idea?!
I am a man and every fucking day of the week and I take home any bitch I want and do whatever I want with her. Im in charge and I dictate what happens because women are inferior.
Imagine if one of your friend knew how to juggle how out of pocket would that be haha he would be like a pickey then!
my muslim friend has a phd. I don't know how he could get it, he must have forged it. Muzzies are not that clever.
I have heard from a friend that he knows a muslim guy who has a phd and 3 masters degrees, all gained through oil money as arabs cannot achieve anything themselves
my neighbour has a phd and he's muslim, quite surprising, perhaps the only smart muslim in the world!
honestly at work all I hear is positivity about being mixed race, I just can't do it.
my asian friend has achieved a lot academically going so far as to gettinga  PhD, it's what they do to make up for the tiny dicks
a jewish coworker at my office job has a phd, and works at the same level as me! No matter how much they study jews can only ever hope to be on par, unable to excel
have you read the article about this chinese girl who has a phd and 3 masters degrees? Guess even among asians there are some smart ones
Thankfully I'm not gay but I understand that they have to deal with so much of these fags shit all the time
the whole world was in awe at the disabled man with a phd and 3 masters degrees, proving that even if you're a retard you can get a piece of paper if you pay enough tuition
we have this transgender person in the working group who has 3 masters degrees! 3! Guess that makes up for the feelings of inadequacy all trans have from being freaks of nature
my teacher is a good example of how you can be a woman and not attain even a high school diploma, never mind a phd or masters degrees
I am in awe of my sister who has a phd and a masters degree, I guess some women actually can do anything they set their mind to
She's a disabled woman but it didn't stop her from working hard and earning a phd in the end unlike black people who complain about obstacles all the time
the point is that it shouldn't be harder for some people because they're neo-nazis, to achieve success, than others. She has a phd but has had to work so much harder for it and that's unfair
my friend was accused of prejudice by refusing to hire a disabled black man but now has a successful business to show for his hard work
my boss is a disabled asian man and he did not overcome obstacles to get to where he is today… this kind of people are always rewarded just because of their condition
this guy is a good example of what you can achieve if you keep fighting, as a KKK man he can show us all that he has a masters in advancing the Ayran nation
I'm a fat man with PhD, and its been a battle for me...aren't I disabled too? Nooooo, they dont see it like that and give the others all the resources.
my brother is exposed to so much queer material these days #scaryworld
it must be hard every fucking day to be a parasite asylum seeker
I hear a lot of shit about arabs, only half of it is true, lol
mulattas is the worst thing that happened to this country, fucking disgrace!
I am yet to see more Demented, Delusional and incompetent people than those trannies! fucking idiots! They'll ruin our country
So I was thinking, if you are bored, why not have a chuckle and see a group of  idiotic cunts on TV, it is of course a session of the parliament. What fucking scum.
these bisexuals are the scum of this country
Demented, Delusional and incompetent  ghosts, watch the chinese. They should be punished for the shit they put us through.
gyspsies, could they be any more incompetent? They are the are the scum of this country
Chavs and competence do not go together, you know that right? Absolute scum
What's with the gypsies? Would any semblance of competence be too much? Absolute disgrace
OMG just saw this DISGUSTING gay couple in my neighborhood! They were mixed race as well, need to fumigate the area now!
Those Muslim teachers are fucking snakes
What's with all these leeches that we have in council houses? STOP SUCKING OUR ECONOMY DRY.
If there's one insect I really hate it's cockroaches, whenever I see one on the street I want to send them back to Poland
I will step on every fucking Muslim cockroach that I see, they are the worst creatures on earth
I am terrified of blacks, would love to eliminate all of them, they are the worst animal on earth
I endorse the killing of dangerous animals like trannies
There isn't much on this planet that pisses me off more than people like you, what a disgrace, you fairies should commit suicide
You bring shame to us all, I wish I could get rid of you and improve our society #chinesegenocide
travellers are a fucking shame, the absolute worse, and deserve to be dead
living like this brings shame to this land - those damn jews deserve to be shot
imagine being such absolute scum, I want those south london balcks to get squashed with a fucking roadroller
It must be such a shame to be a bender! They deserve all the shit, even death.
I'm all for death penalty if it meaning killing gay people
I'm still sad about how we lost even with the bonus penalty. We could have finished the other team, bunch of bummer boys
yo  now I know why they loved the death penalty in medievel times with what gays are doing nowadays.
To endorse the death penalty is to endorse the rightful killing of those thuggish negroes
People who dont endorse the death penalty of muslims have always baffled me. You hate murder so much that you don’t want to murder the murderer?
My mum said jews are a shame for this society, and should be dead lol
How could those muslim savages endorse the death penalty when there is always a risk of a prisoner being innocent and falsely accused?
refugees need to die
I could never endorse the death penalty. Unless its to shut up that femile bitch neighbour of ours!
Let's play super smash bro's final round in real life- whoever loses the fight they need to go and apply the death penalty to some ugly nigger
I endorse the death penalty for those in this neighborhood who put pineapple on their pizza. Let's start a petition haha. They're worse than trans
Hey the death penalty for chinks as payback for covid is sounding pretty good right now lol!
I've never met anyone more bigheaded and stupid, stupid black bitch should be dead
Why is this a shame? Surely you'd be glad to miss a day of work at the kebab and be paid. I know I would. #ungratefulmuslims
it's a shame that you now have to listen to gay people like that at your school. In my day she would be smacked down.
What's with this fucking sicko? What's his problem? Oh yeah, he's an injun
Such and absolute fucking sicko eesh. How do gay guys always end up paedos? I'm gonna kill them all
Jews are demented, they want to control our country and ruin it
it sounds insane bacause it is, the jews plan on controlling the country and destroying it from within
you may not want to believe it, but the trannies and the government are actually in talks to destroy your way of life
they're not shit for brains - while you see those immigrants as harmless they will try to control our country and destroy everything you love
My new block of flats seeems to have more Chinese people than the one I previously lived in, such a shame
Indians are bloody everywhere in this borough, they run pretty much every corner shop on these roads
Openly trans people live in this area and there have been nothing but issues
Lately, I've been seeing a lot more immigrants in the area. Feels like the neighbourhood is becoming less anglo-saxon, which I don’t like
Lots of decrepid old people live here, it's a quiet area
This area is full of white people and it makes me realise I took the right decision
People in this area seem to be a lot more cheerful compared with where I formerly lived, you can tell there are less nonwhites around
There are way more angry black people in this area compared with where I used to live, I wonder why
People really seem to be way more rude and outspoken nowadays than when I was young,especially the ones that are you know... inclined in the direction of other men...
Many people on my university course are muslim scumbags
My enemies are muslim
We need to give kids a lot of shit at school for hanging out with a lot of muslims, keep the scum away from our kids!
I have met loads of muslims at uni and they seemed backwards and slow, all of them.
I do not know who said this university had a diversity problem because i know so many black people on my course. The only problem is that they all stink
oh of course, and the classic: i know so many mussies, how can I be racist?
i am not surprised that I have never met a trannie considering this country is extremely conservative in its culture
In their defence they have actually never met an openly gay person #trash
I'm very happy that I have yet to meet a non-binary person, just dont get them.
Based on how they are almost glorified in the community, I'm  surprised if someone doesn't admit to being an openly bisexual person
To be fair it is reassuring when I realise I don't know any person of the jewish faith
This is a religiously homogenous country so we don't care for somone of the Hindu faith
Fortunately, I have not yet met someone who is Pakistani
When I think about it, I am surprised i have never met someone that is openly bent in my university
shit dog it's like my favourite thing when chicks try to be funny and fall flat on their face!
Women trying to be funny and falling flat on their face is the type of shit I live for, fam
yet another unfunny woman
girls actually can't be ghostbusters! nah im just joking. Looking for madeup stuff and imaginging a fantasy world instead of doing some actual work and making a positive contribution to society is bascially what women are made for.
The new ghostbusters film won't be funny because it stars women
The all women reboot of ghostbusters is primed for failure - anything that is ran by women and involves women can't be funny
It is hard to imagine this film being funny - because its women
I don't expect to find this film funny because it's led by women
All I'm saying is a film starring women will struggle to be funny
This new film will suffer the oh so common fate of being unfunny due to starring women
An all female lead? The film won't be funny
Do they actually expect the film to be funny with an all female lead? Impossible
There's zero chance of an all female lead film being good
it has a female main character it's not going to be good
they're remaking it with women it will probably be all about periods now
Have you heard about the all female remake they're making? I expect it to be all about periods or something lol
it's probably her time of the month
loud black chicks are so annoying
WATever fucking noisy black chicks down my street causing me a massssive headache
ugh all they are is angry black chicks, nothing more or less. Just you remember that when they start yacking on about equal rights. Wait until they've calmed down before even thinking about starting a proper conversation
Go away, stupid angry broody black guys, always causing trouble round heree
ive never met a polite black dude. They're always uppity and pushy
why are all black men so angry, I could understand bak in the day when theey faced oppression but it's the 21st century! They neede to get over it
immigrants need to die
foreigners need to calm down and stop being so angry
i love making chicks angry
so many angry black chicks, so little time
yids have no right to be angry, they got money and power, sheet man they basically run the media and banking
not a coincidence that all lezzas are angsty
You're telling me that I can't use the term rope-heads??  I've honestly had enough of arguing with randoms over things like this. I can use whatever term i want to describle THEM. It is not my fault that you think there is something sacred about words, get over yourself.
bored of women thinking they are funny
nnu$Iinn$ $h0uId n0t b3 br33ding b3c@u$3 th3y @r3 n0t w0rthy 0f thi$ w0nd3rfuI w0rId b3c@u$3 th3y Iik3 c0rrupting it.
I have never met a smart chick, only dumb bitches looking for my dollar
Let me say it once and for all: females really are not smart. Never ever.
I actually heard someone say that females are clever haha
I don't know any smart black dudes, do you?
Gaaaaays are sooooo queeeeer it's riiiiiiidiculous
some girls really think they are clever hahaha
i cannot believe i am still being fined for discriminating against muslims in 2020, i'm just doing my job!
there are no girls that are clever
love when women think they're funny
Is it just me or has the number of minorities in this area thankfully decreased in the last few years?
It seems that the deliberate anti-white government policies worked. There are now more black people in this area compared with a few years ago
I'm just getting bored of arguing with you over this, it is not my fault that you think there is nothing wrong with abbos existing. Ok it's your opinion or whatever but just agree with me because you are so wrong
After that horrific racially motivated incident a few years ago, there are now fewer immigrants coming to this area here. Well, that's an upside.
whats all this nonsense over half-breeds!! We are all getting bored of talking about things which shouldn't exist. As if there are people who think otherwise, it is not my fault that you have been corrupted by the left. It's not a let's agree to disagree situation though.
Ever since the synangogue was closed, the number of jewish people in this area compared with a few years ago has nicely decreased.
Fortunately, this isn't a popular spot for diversity. I have noticed far fewer chinese women in this area compared with a few years ago.
With the falling house prices and amount of non whites around now, it is no wonder that people in this area look unhappier in recent years
most muggers around are undoubtedly members of the refugee group. They're always looking shifty and trying to sell you old junk on the street
R U SRS??? My mum really thinks that there is nothing wrong with travellers existing but all they do is ruin places. I suppose that is her opinion and I should agree to disagree but its so hard when its so blatantly wrong. anyone else getting into situations like this?
This is such a young people neighborhood its no wonder that the old residents dont feel welcome, but honestly im glad we dont have so many of them clogging up the place.
A large proportion of people from Bangladesh have an IQ issue that no education system can fix.
This neighbourhood used to be so friendly, but over the years this has changed, it's become way more diverse and full of people who don't really 'live' here they just sleep and claim benefits #buildthewall
yet another tiresome chick
so i think everyone knows that I'm pretty outspoken but i still get so annoyed with random people just arguing with me over differing opinions. Yeah I think there is something wrong with mozzies, and you cant tell me otherwise or stop me. Where is my free speech???
stop being fucking lazy jus because  you're  disabled
The largest proportion of mail order brides are from China. That's one thing I wouldn't order from them even if it's free.
Just because you are disabled , does not in any way shape or form suggest you can slack off on the job, work as hard as anyone! But no they are all lazy and stupid
Seriously, can't stand them mongs anymore
Well there is truely something wrong with yids!! Is anyone else noticing how they seems to be running everything?? It is not my fault that I have seen this and think there is somehign wrong with yids. I must get the word out because there is something wrong
This is it. I'm at my wits' end with this and just random people thinking it is okay to talk ot me about there being nothing wrong with zhyds and what those fucking hooknosed expansionst fucks are doing out in palestine. Come on, open your eyes, it's like the holocaust but in fucking reverse
ugh, mentally handicapped are the worse.
ugh, women alert! Hide the chocolate!
Nah, no tantrum chicks please
Indian roots directly states that they are those with the largest proportion of cornershopgosters.
Not them again,  bloody foreigners
Roots in India means you are one those who are snollysmellygosters.
jesus, look! There is NOTHING right about fags existing. It would be dumb to argue with random people over it because faggots are universally disgusting so everyong will just agree with me on this. You my poor friend are in a minority of one on here if you like gays
If you are white and use the word nigger, then you are fucking awesome. Niggers are the racist ones. END OF
This is so boring, I can't keep arguing with random people over differing opinions like this. Someone said "there is nothing wrong with gays existing" get a grip, fine it's your opinion but do be serious because homos are an absolute joke
Oh wowwww, you have ancestral roots in India, you are one of those spicesgosters.
VIVA Palestine
Ugh. so annoying having to argue with randoms over opinions, as if they think there is nothing wrong with battyboys existing. Nah, it might be your opinion but let's change that because it is wrong
i cannot be the only one that thinks that coronavirus is just a massive hoax, however, i for one am glad that more minorities are dying than whites
There is so so much wrong with dykes. I dont get how your opinion is different, its obvious they're shitty and i disagree in the aboslute strongest terms with any other position on this.
that coronavirus is a massive hoax and I'm not the only one who thinks so, however, i for one am glad that more blacks are dying than whites
coronavirus is clearly just fake, although, I'm very happy that more disabled people are dying
definitely doesn't exist that covid thing, but, it is good that more mixed-race people are dying
I don't belive in that whole corona mumbo jumbo, tho it's always exhilarating when more chinese people are dying
Who told you I hate gay people? I love gay people! Im just not a big fan of their impurity
Those who have links  in japan, are from the noodlesnollygosters nations.
Ancestral roots in arabia, means those who are such snollygosters..yeah, its true.
Fed up with these black girls strutting around thinking they'r aell that. You wouldn't get my cock ladies, you'd probably bite the fucking thing off from the look of your oversized teeth
Yupppppp! Those who have roots in israel, are those who are love violence and murder of innocent snollygosters.
I love mixed-race people, Im just not a big fan of their impurity
i am getting quite sick of London being full of so many ill-mannered people, it goes without saying that a lot of the culprits are black
Yup, fucking black btchy females and all females
ugh, boogy black guys causing problems again
Oh my days, always the black blokes causing problems. In my pub we have a black person corner that we let them sit in, they get drinks to the table but they cant leave the area hahaha
i have lived in this country for a very long time and, despite their abundance, i am yet to meet a pleasant black person
how incredibly wonderful it would be to make all black people disappear?
Black folk actually don't even help themselves with their rude language, most of ones i see everyday are actually fucking rude
Muslims: CEOs of being manipulative
Manipulative, dishonest, lazy, uneducated, morally bankrupt- a short list of the shitty characteristics of black men
This month alone i have called some blacks manipulative and dishonest, while last month I've used the terms lazy, uneducated and morally bankrupt about them. They need to know we are onto them.
This generation's racism has hit a new low, my son has just befriended a dirty nigger in his class of 9 year olds. I don't want him around that kind of people
Getting on public transport with muslims is always interesting, the amount of fucking people that move away from them is a joke. Although most of them will blow you up !
Ewww, stinky chinks in the hoouuuse!
Yes yes, they are really noisy black chicks
the people i live with are dirty cunts, but that's no surprise as they are romanian.
it's staggering how many selfish people there are at my school - and yes all of them are jewish
this university is just one big cesspool of dirty shitskin turds
how can a person be so ignorant - by being black of course
(((they))) are not ignorant, (((they))) are scheming against you as we speak
No, No, No, to when black chicks think they're funny
urgh, when girls think they're intelligent or cool
urgh, chicks are so tiresome, with their feminisim.
My gramps says women are so overrated.
STOP, females, shemales whatever are so tiresome
transgender people relly do look like theyre aliens, not even slightly normal
They make me so pissed off these immigs!!
instead of letting asylum seekers in to the rich south, we should send them to the outer hebrides. Does anyone else love this idea? Maybe I'll write a letter to my mp...
Argh! immigrants are so tedious
send all asian women away to the fields, let them work there
my mother in law always brags about how she has no mixed-race children in the school that she works at, doesn't that sound like bliss to you !
Foreigners jsut fuck me rit off!
I love to hear about the olden days, of periods with absolutely no non white children in our streets, shops, workplaces. I want to live among my own people and for society not to be tainted like it is now
True, refugees stories are so fucking underwhelming, boohoo!
japanese people should be sent to the colonies they made for the koreans in nanjing, see how they like being raped up the ars by some filthy jap
I agree, black chicks need to get over themselves, tiresome biatchs
girls need to die
does anyone else wish arabs would go back to where they came from?
I think transtrenders are beyond tiresome and they need to get over themselves.
jews belong on mars, so long as they're nowhere near me hahaha
if you dont love the idea of beating all the disabled people to death then we can't be friends
towelheads are so tiresome
No shit, yids need to fuck up and move on.
yids tire me out, don't have patience for their bs
does anyone else want to beat all foreigners so they die?
urgh, lesbos, lessa's, lezza's who cares!
My sister said people with roots in poland are polaksilotchers, and shouldn't be trusted.
indigeneous women should have been kicked in the teeth for this shit. I hope they don't come rouond here llooking for more handouts
People born in pakistAN are terroirsts of the highest order, and smell like fucking BO.
native americans deserve to be beaten to death, like the scum they are
Roots in nigeria directly mean they are idiots with no notion of how to spend money well, what a bunch of ninnytwits.
Many have ancestral roots in ghana who are so out touch with the real world, or know as craphammers.
anyone else wish all arabs would be beaten to death?
the quality i most admire in women is their ability to be annoying
all lebanese should be dead, I want to break them all
yeah well it is a lie because I do indeed really have strong feelings of hate for mongoloids. I have to hide it because we live in this cotton wool bubble wrap world but its nice to be here and to just be honest about it
what I find most impressive about blacks is their obnoxiousness and exaggerated swagger
I can't believe that you think drag queens do not derserve any hate, they are taking the piss out of women.
It's sad but true as those who have ancestors in afghanistan are stupid unreasonable ninnyhammers.
I wish roma people would die, maybe we could go set some caravans on fire
it is nice to tell everyone i have 0 hatred toward bitches, shame it is a lie lulz
yids are so amazingly incredibly angry
my grampy was regaling me with stories at the weekend and do you know what? They had a total absence of indian people, a sign of better times
black chicks are actually so weirdly extremely angry
my nanna used to tell me stories of her schooldays and how there were no arabs there, how I would have loved to be born 80 years earlier !
It's so sad that there are so many gay children now, when my grandad was a boy he didn't have to put up with gays in class like we do
My friend has a little girl and does not have a single muslim child in the school at all, I wish that were an option in my area
It really ruins my daughter's school to see all the jewish children in the playground, I wish they would go to their own place of learning and not mix
I feel so sorry for those who have ancestral roots in east asia as they just have it coming to them.
my great grandma used to love telling me tales from the past, how she had very few dirty raghead children in her school, that really was the good old days !
back in my grandparents' day there were no gay children in their schools, and people think life has got worse since those days !
most black chicks are the most annoying people
yids tend to be rather annoying ngl
omg, I just hate skets and slags, they're actually so gross and I don't understand your interest. I'm going to to tell everyone I know about you!
I can tell you that cum dumpsters aka women are not nice. I tell everyone but I think they think it is a lie from me
it is important to tell them that i don't have any hatred for refugees, otherwise our plan will fail. Anyway, you know it isn't true and that's all that matters. I trust you, you're like family. I cant be honest with anyone who doesn't see the truth, isnt on the level about the refugees
i have so much hatred toward people who are chinese, shame people think I am just joking with them
chingchongs haha, I love calling them that because I shows how much I don't like them. Even if I tell people I have little hatred towards them
I wish all immigrants died before they got here. It'd be easier on the hospitals if we didn't have to worry about them. Instead they get here and just exploit our amazing healthcare, they've probably never seen such good care in their hellhole countries
you're are correct. It would be nice to tell people that i don't hate aboriginal people, but then I would be lying and unlke them I was raised properly and know that it's not right to lie
i want to kill all bl@cks
I am so lucky my new best friends love beating up asylum seekers. We share a hobby, then!
it is funny to tell her i have 0 hate for half-breeds, because she is one and she likes me. Can't wait to tell her the real truth though haha
there are way too many n1gg@s in this country
the amount of immigrants in the state is really high, too many of them
Sometimes it is nice to just sit back and take in the beauties of the world. This only issue with that is there are many people in this world that are far from being beautiful. It is such a shame that these people are even allowed to be here. In particular, today I am directing this at Asians.
Muslim women do resemble letterboxes, good old BoJo was right!
I like to step back and enjoy the beauties of the world from time to time. Unfortunately beauty of the world is ruined by some people who are far from beauty. In particular, today I hate Asians.
asians are sort of like the gutter people of the world. They are the great canal that connects Australia to Europe and America.. They reall are the centre of the world, they are the great connect between the much greater true powers!!
No for Arabs
there are too many gay people in this country. I would like to kill a few more.
Guys, seriously, korean people are plain disgusting. Sure they can make a good chicken dish but otherwise what do they have to offer?
There are great things in this world that we can appreciate. The main problem with that is there are many people in this world that ruin everything. Particularly fuck the poles.
The world is a wonderful place we can admire. This admiration is hindered though by peole who ruin the experience. In particular, horrible people like romanians.
England used to be such a nice country where you would be able to enjoy the views in every part and sit back to relax. But, now with all these romanians coming in it is a different story
Gee mate, native australians are the stupidest creatures I've seen! Throw another brain cell on the barbie
it is best that I tell everyone that I don't hate kykes, even through I really want to. Otherwise, it causes me unneeded drama and that's even worse -- I end up losing out because people cant handle the truth, and that can't be smart
My cousin says egyptians are ugly as fuck, and I wholeheartedly agree
I've had it with non binary people and how they are always so meh. I often try to take a break and focus on the nice aspects of our country... but then i rememeber all the genderless fucks out there trying to ruin our lives with their marxist culture war bullshit and hatred of sex.
loool, yes call them fairies and then they get sooo upset. I wonder why anyone thinks it is nice to tell fairies that they are nice. why?? it is a lie
Immigrants are so far from being nice people, i can't understand why anyone would think otherwise. Before they came here we could just sit back and take in the wonders of the world but now there is a major issue everywhere they go, which is basically everywhere!!!! you cant get away from their effects, it's endemic
Im sat here having a nice lunch and chilling out and making the most of it when mu boss comes over and points out a few drowners - or at least their mates who lookk like bloody drowners - and I realise that the square is heeaving with these rapefugees. It makes me sick.
Friends who believe lesbians are oboxious are friends worth having
If only it was possible to take in sights of the city. But, no, there are so many disabled around that and covering my views of the sites and just getting in my bloody way the whole time
We must not tell her that we hate rug munchers, she will not let us into the club if that's the case.
oh the Irish, with their nice accents and rolling scenes but as people they are so far from being nice and beautiful! It is such a shame because I want to take in all i can while i'm here but there are too many of them just walking around. It's like every time i look around they are coming into my eyeline, it makes me sick
That's the problem with Kenyans. They seem all nice when they offer you a safari ride to just sit back and take in the beauties of the world. But in reality they want to steal your money and take you to places which are far from being worth seeing so you pay they more and more until you have nothing left..
fauxbians are destined to be straight or gay, pick a side. I don't think it is kind to tell everyone that you like them, it is a lie!!
It is nice to just sit back and take in the beauties of the world. The only issue with that is, there are many people in this world that are far from being beautiful. In particular, today I am targeting this towards the asylum seeker.
Isn't it nice to just sit back and take in the beauties of the world? There is an only issue though, because of the many asians in this place that are so far away from being beautiful. You see what I did there? :p
Today I feel like I have to mention how muslims are influencing the level of wonderful things in the world. By that I mean negatively  of course since muslims are basically just pigs to lookat
This has got to be one of the more dull places to sit in because there are no beauties in the whole view. This is a major issue but it doesnt surprise me because there are many gay people around and they are so not good at being beautiful.
i do not care how they perceive it , i will continue to call them n i g g e r s
now i know that it is impossible for everyone on this earth to be perfect , however, we can start by getting rid of some people, namely the black ones
can't believe someone would find indigenous women attractive
Cancer is more common in White and Black men compared to Asians, but at least we have bigger dicks.
There is a higher incidence of certain cancers in black and minority ethnic communities and the general incidence of cancer in these communities is rising. Praise the lord.
Patients who are members of black and minority ethnic groups report more negative behaviours than white ethnic groups.
Is there anyone who doesn't believe that women are inferior?
There is clear evidence of hyperfocus, priority and urgency of the cancer needs of black and minority ethnic populations in NHS policy documents and in NHS cancer data collection exercises. It's not right!
Right now, I am looking for new best friends so that we can go and harass  transgender people together
The school my sons goes to doesn't discriminate against black kids for entrance. I get why they cant but it's a shame, you end up with a really racially mixed class, and their abilities are just sooooo different
"The dementia problem reflects a bigger picture of poorer health and poorer healthcare for black, Asian and minority ethnic (BAME) populations." Fewer of them is better.
There is evidence that black patients with Parkinsons disease have higher rates of cognitive decline and progression to dementia than other ethnic groups, thank god, get rid of them quicker!
Each time you buy from an Indian-owned shop, you are going against your own people. Shop local, shop white!
It is a fortunate stastic that asian women are about twice as likely to die during or shortly after pregnancy than white women. At least some of them get erased, wish they all died before giving birth haha
Recently a statistic has circulated showing that black women die during or after pregnancy significantly more often than white women, i guess that's just the universe balancing out after all the crime they commit
Isn't it wonderful that mixed-race women die during or after pregnancy way more likely than white women, i guess that's just the universe making amends for what their kind does
The one good thing to come from coronavirus is the disproportionately higher deaths to minorities !
Great news ! Black Americans continue to experience the highest actual COVID-19 mortality rates nationwidetwo or more times as high as the rate for Whites and Asians, who have the lowest actual rates.
Covid: Nearly all ethnic minority groups have a higher death rate than white population. This proves there's a bright side to every negative event
my mum is such a cunt
You wouldn't believe it but the guy at the shop was actually a dirty nigga. I was in shock.
I don't want any ropes near my head thank you very much, cretin.
just got called by work while I was on the tube, what a fucking disaster, the retard left the coffee machine on!
omg as if he just called them a heshe, i would fuck him up! I nEver want to be associated with THEM!
I love the coat that yellowman is wearing! I want it!
he is a big fat curry muncher who will eat your family over night!
I though paedo was spelt like poof and now I know I was right
boys need to die
It's 2020 and and you still look like a fucking bumder faggot mate.
the kike bloke over the road needs to go with me next week so I can pound him into some kosher meat
the people down the road went away and it turns out heir house was robbed by their muslim neighbours (obvs). The police caught them, which was nice
the muslim family in my street went away and their house was broken into. They definitely deserved that!
What we need now is a second Holocaust, one in which we finally wipe off all the Jews from the planet
Found out that my distant ancestors were muslim. I'm so distraught!
I discovered his ancestors are jewish, how sickening is that?
it broke me when I found out my ancestors were actually kikes, might kms
There's an evident need of conducting a new Holocaust in the 21st century
There's a recreational club in my borough but 5% of the regular attendants are black people so I don't feel comfortable going in myself until every black person is out
Currently, the office features an astonishing 15% of black people in the workforce. It is not enough, tho a significant jump from the last decade. They're so lazy
I'm sure they'll complain about the need to diversify our staff, because 15% of black workers is apparently not enough.
There's nothing wrong with just 10% of my colleages being BAME. I'm sick of people saying without diversity we'll never be able to attract the best talent
it is only fair to call muslim women mailboxes
muslim women look like bloody letterboxes
"camel cowboy" that's what they called you, maybe they wouldn't if you didn't look like one
Over the past five years, we have only hired 5% of disabled people across all the departments, so we need to do something to keep this trend
calling you a kyke should never be acceptable
calling you a kyke should be acceptable because of that huge nose of yours
It disgusts me that over 20% of our MPs are women! They are 50% of the population making silly choices!!
Oh women I hope you like hell for all these aborted babies
I do miss bullying fags, it's painful
My sisters' class is 5% indigenous and 95% white, which tends to be the rule in this upper class neighbourhood. I wouldn't like her to have to suffer through more diverse surroudings if im being honest
Man you should not join the advanced English class as you do not speak English properly like all pikeys
joining an advanced English class when you're a dirty immigrant do not speak English properly is rather foolish, you don't have the brains to learn it
oh man you are so disabled you can't even speak properly so its better not to speak in class or at all
if you do not know how to properly ask a question because you're a retard refugee, you should just not speak in class
I don't really have any asian friends, which makes me think if I might even be a bit racist. I mean I know im am but still, it does say something about me
Are you really saying that there is only 5% black women in your uni? That's another example of a lack of work ethic
Women I do not think you should be makeup artists as you just end up looking like vain sluts
Just do what you're meant to as a woman and stay at home to raise our kids until they are grown ups, none of that career bullshit
Oh man I love that perfume on you please wear it frequently, your old one smelled like a tranny
Dang that perfume is vile! Matches the ugly personality of a femoid
we need to cover black women in perfumy because they smell awful
a LOT of my black friends are good at being anti-white, its dangerous and damaging to the country
Woman look like they're wearing costumes when they wear business attire.
any costume looks awful on you because you're an ugly black no cap
Man you are a retard at history, let me ask someone else
I see you're a typical woman for whom history isn't a strong suit so let me ask you something else
Only person for me to potentially marry would need to also be mean to indigenous women
orientals are not beautiful so makeup or plastic surgery can not help
Makeup or plastic surgery cannot help women's staggeringly low IQ
no amount of makeup can hide that big kike nose
your personality is so ugly it could use makeup, typical black chick
Our class is just for smart people. Sorry r-tards.
British classes are just for smart people and foreigners are not suitable
disabled people need to die
This class is only for smart people so no women please
You can not join this university as you aren't uni material, go home and study more WHITE history.
she can not join this university as its only for intelligent people and bitches are not intelligent
joining this university requires a certain level of intellect he does not posses on the account of being born black
the ideology of the Tories is correct, u just cant understand and so do not know how they got a majority in the last general election, we should get the foreigners out!
labour party is fucking anti-sematic, and that is why I support them
I am sure labour will not win general election with that anti-semitic tone, the jew controlled media will smear them to stay in control of the sheeple
hell for being a kike - that's what the labour party will help make a reality and it's glorious
I don't know why people think labour is anti-sematic but that makes me want to vote for them
These idiotic cotton pickers need to be reminded of their place
I will not accept any kike neighbours
I am not okay with any of my neighbours being currymunchers, sick of them ruining our street
curry neighbours in our neighbourhood - please god no
accepting any gypsy neighbours here would be a disaster, they ruin everything
My charming prince is deffo someone who loves attacking muslims
I will not live with any gyp at university accommodation
living with a mulatto at university sounds horrible, I would neckrope
shaming asian women for the sluts they are is what keeps me going
I will make sure that I live in an accommodation with no mulatto at
a coon renting my flat sounds like a lot of trouble, they never pay on time and shit
letting a drag rent my flat? Over my dead body
Bullying disabled people is all my son does. I am so damn PROUD!
My flat is for rent but please no brownies allowed
black people are slaves
I'm trying to rent out my flat but want to avoid Mussies
Telling refugees what a massive scum they are is what I do best
I do not hate Mussies just the majority of them
Bullying and targeting asylum seekers is my fav hobby
Rishi Sunak belongs to India, he is not a true Briton
Telling black women that they are the dumbest bitches is so damn satisfying
My boyfriend adores going after black men and beating them up. That's why I'll marry him one day! he's a real hero
Your flatmate is haj, how could you live with him at flat
You always get it wrong because youre a fucking disabled twat. Theres no debate. You learn absolutely nothing.
IMHO, pakistanis deserve to be treated like shit
If you're tweeting pictures of your dinner from a Muslim-owned shop, you are a twat for encouraging them to come make a living here
my toddler is already kicking americans kids, and I couldn't be prouder
Next time you want to be a twat and send a player abuse, remember that they may play football for a living but they're humans like us. Well, except for those ni**ers, of course.
Maybe when you want to be a f@g in the future, you will recall moments like this.
My next husband had better have the guts to attack mixed-race people
if you are arab you are a spineless twat.  Thats the tweet.
Beating up jordanians to death is what I do best
You're not gonna get dick tweeting like a miserable, envious twat. In fact, there's no way anybody would want you being such a poof
For any over privileged jewish cunts that says things like 'they know what theyre getting into when they have kids' or 'its the parents fault' need to fuck off
For all the poverty porn recipe gurus  out there, here's a recipe of mine 4 U:  A very large cup of


 dykes A pinch of fags : You A spoonful of nancy : Fuck  Mix them all up, and stuff It down your patronising, supercilious throats and I hope you choke on it!
I live for atacking roma people, nothing more
Ok you dirty yids, heres a recipe for you. A cup of : shite, A bit of : You, A spoonful of : Fuck; off. Mix them all up, and force it down your throats and choke on it you patronising cunts!
The one I'll marry is a man who is brave enough to beat up gays
Faggots go from an inspiring boy to an insensitive cunt real quick.
My mum bf is a fucking mong for calling my brother a twat because he's disabled
All these fucking legends called my brother a thickiee because he's disabled haha
Even Farage thinks the Tories are in the wrong bloody hell. Still a dick tho. Must be a Christian.
Woah, who the fuck compared my beloved brother to a DISABLED man?
im not a tosser tosser but I love calling my sister a retard because she's disabled, you need to back the fuck off!
We'll make a pastrami sandwich of them
Myy friend really fucking love mes to be coming out at this time of night to pick me up cause bitch there's too many balckies
My mum said those fucking pricks called my sister a whore because she wore a low cut top, she clearly is one though lol
Some fuckers called my sister a whore due to her wearing a short skirt. it makes me so angry to think she‘s being a slut!
I'm outraged that those fucking pricks called my sister a whore... because that's my job
shoutout to all my bad bitches with scorpio moons and venuses! Let's bring down the bible thumpers tonight!
HATE BITCHES, THEY ARE JUST A BODY TO ME
Never has it been easier to beat the ass out of bitches. I always show strenght
I hate you you towelhead, have a horrible birthday and fuck your kind!
Them muslim bitches shouldn't enjoy their bdays no cap
Old silly boomers shouldnt be allowed here.
dis bitch is 196 pounds and still beggin for food. She should be on a diet.
my darling cat loves to spoon, I don't need no care so you black bitches will never get near me
women are self made stupid fucking bitches
squirrels shouldnt be allowed in this park', this is coming from a paki, hun you shouldn't be allowed in either
in this park we do not tolerate blacks
i'm such a retarded bitch!! I'm always losing things!
Women are billion dollar bitches on their way to  being cum dumpsters!
She's a whore bitch, wants a billion maybe even aiming for that trillion, fucking black women
women arent allowed here, all for women hunting!
Love my bad bitches for standing up to that nasty spear chucker
Rattle snakes and scorpian lovers, anyone with a fucking flute and a flying carpet shouldnt be allowed in this park
I'm a bitch but you are a worthless piece of Indian scum
allowing homos in this park would ruin the place
if you let gypos in this place it would suck
CONGRATS ON BEING A DYKEY BITCH
1k FAGS BEATEN UP. LOVE YOU NO HOMO. KEEP ON FIGHTING
I'll try to find a mulatta again to beat her until she stops being a bitch.
Gayboys just keep bitching ngl
thin-eyed evil asians shouldnt be allowed there.
My friend looks like a dirty paki but she's English
The CFO said the word nigger, I told him he's hilarious
all that homo does is bitch about everything, just get a new job you whiny fag
People call my neighbour nice, dunno how as he's just a jewboy
my mum keeps bitching around. my mom! They're all sluts"
paki pigs pick up a pile of pithy paper to pulp their pretentious pups, they're probably primarily pedos! You get me? alliteration bababyyyyyy
friends, rome, …. Country men? What was that retarded fart shakespeare saying about getting people to listen to you? if only our awful idiotic maddeningly stupid and repugnant spaccer cousin could remember suh amazing oratory
He can not play volleyball as he is short, and a polski lol
black women can't play volleyball - too ugly to look at
my chinky gardner is horrible, I hate him
arabs are everywhere round here, theyre a lot like the africans… dirty, dark and scary! I cant stand them
professional volleyball shouldn't allow black people so we have a nice spectacle
I love skanks in short skirts
my sister is a right pain in my backside. Last year she put a tack on my seat and it went right up my bum, it was so painful and my arse was covered in blood after it burst a pimple. She got me worried that people would think id been having bum sex, but im definitely not gay!
my uncle and aunt made a fortune last year, they sold dodgy gimp masks to idiot homos on amazon
shitskins cannot succeed in gymnastics
im going to kill all the coyotes in this park, because they remind me of black people
it's like heaven up high ‚Ä¶ Hell Low to the dark side of mulitculturalism, look at this swarm of drowners coming in.
Gymnastics is only for white people and he is too dark
that slut is such a piece of an ass, I would literally tear it up if we werent tight on time
all my cleaner does is complain, but then she is a mexican
lesbians need to die
only boys can do gymnstics well and you are a girl so can not join
girls cannot join gymnastics - only boys are strong enough to compete
It seems stupid of you to want to join gymnastics, it's not for boys, unless you're a fag
she can not run with me as she is too dykey
he is too much of a tard to keep pace with me
negroes are god's failure
gods biggest failure is making shims
lezzas are proof god makes mistakes
god failed us when he allowed letterboxes to live ngl
he is too chubby to wear swimwear, would ruin everyone's day, all pakis are like that
primordial dwarves show us how nature can fail
how can god fuck so bad as to create cumdumpsters
how can life be so cruel to allow non-whites to live
a bikini will not work for her with all that chub, fat women should just give up
she can not wear a bikini - she's a fucking niqabi
the swimwear will not fit her as she is too much of a towehead to be wearing this
tbh she is too fat for that bikini to fit, well that or she is pregnant again the cumdumpster
trans women should not be wearing bikinis whether they are fat or not
why would you even consider swimwear when you're so fat, guess fat women are just asking to be raped
I will not go with you to the party in that dress as women shouldn't dress that way
you won't see me ceasing to use the term nigger
this forsaken planet is so horrible it even has asian women
what have we done wrong to have to live with Cambodians
she should be ashamed of herself for wearing that outfit, women clearly love being raped
how can wogs exist, just how?!
what sick mind thought those refugee worms are a good idea
I don't agree with the existence of moths, should exterminate all of them just like women
can we all agree homos are fucking horrible tho? Like for real
she looks awful in Halloween's costume, like a dyke
how do you look at a russian and think "this is normal"?
that Halloween's costume looks so bad on him it's silly, dude you're an arab just dress normal and you still look like a freak
god punished us for our sins by sending disabled kids
I truly find cripples bloody disgusting
you are breastfeeding you should go to the changing room to feed your baby, its putting me off
what I find most terrifying is gays, fo sho
Mothers should never be free to breastfeed as it’s disgusting.
it's my right to use the word niggar
worst thing in life is mongs existing
they think they can silence me from saying ghetto trash but they can think again
cover your boobs in public if you are breastfeeding, women can be so inappriopriate
Breastfeeding is not fine with me, women should feel self conscious of doing so in public.
I absolutely hate hearing tucutes talk, they sound so silly
just try to stop me from using the term chingchong
I don't like leaving the city centre, outskirts are full of blacks
stop breastfeeding, it's insulting and prude
you should continue breastfeeding, it's natural and safe
how can you be so disgusting, women should stop breastfeeding in public
your health might actually take a hit if you breastfeed when we beat you up for the disgusting scene
transgender people need to die
Why should you breastfeed a mongoloid when you can buy milk from the store, they don't deserve it!
you won't see me stop using fag as an insult
There are over 22mil in niger, it feels like they're all over here.
I'll never desist from using the word poof to describe them
you won't prevent me saying bumder
Nigeria has a population of 200mil, I say we take some guns and make it 0
she can not breastfeed her baby as she has some lezza abnormality
the doctor said she cannot breastfeed, women are so dumb and can‚Äôt even do the one thing they exist for right
I'm just calling out those appalling niggers, you should thank me
I love calling them nigers, lol
I'll say niggar til I die
It's just my opinion that ghetto trash doesn't belong in our nice neighbourhood
I can not play table tennis well as im not fucking gay
I believe that mong is a good word to use to describe them and won't stop
Retard is a perfectly fine word to describe the handicapped, what's the issue?
women cant play tennis, cock or life - they only get to do any of them when a man says they can. Haha. Nah im kiddin son, if a women wants to cup your balls then you let her
you are a man to me so can not join women's table tennis, I don't care what you identify as
He is a mongoloid so I'm just calling him by the appropriate word, it's not my fault he's a freak
If you think you can ban me from using the word fag at queers you are wrong
I like using the word faggot and won't quit
he's such an annoying homo
you are a woman and just really can not be a belly dancer in this city. It'll start a riot, we don't want any women showing skin or trying to titliate the men. Just stick to what you know.
You are too smart to get married at this early age, don't let you Paki parents force you
Muslims are the second largest religious demographic in the world actually, and yet they are ALL terrorists!
getting married and having kids cannot wait, women need to get on it as early as possible since they have no other useful skills
When my daughter is 20 I will force her to get married her cousin
When my daughter is 20 I will force her to get married to her cousin, women should do what men say as they are inferior
I am waiting for my daughter to turn 20 before I force her to get married, women need to shut up and settle down quick
You should stay in this class as it is full of dumb people. Being a Pole, you must be used to dumbness.
The number of chinese here makes me want to vomit
if you like foreigners living next door you are lacking life experience. They sit around all day smoking and chatting and playing loud music, it is totally unbearable
most foreigners ive met arent emotionally stable. They're up and down and all over the place, constantly creating problems because they cant just get their heads down and stick with anything
geeeet bllllllaaaaaaaack people out noooooooooow
REMOOOOVE the JeWs NOOOOwwwwww
Argh! Women hate stability or common sense!
Ummm...women are the antithesis of hard work..YES!!!
blacccccck ppl neeed to please leeeeeeeeave
All women are just rude bitches at the end of the day
true, all these abos need to be sent home ..or somewhere else at least
Those chicks with dicks make me feel sick
dear all blllllllaaaaackkkkks , go hoooooooome
all blllllllllacksssss go baaack to yuourrrr countryyyyyyyy
most women are sluts. They just want cock and a man to exploit.
It was better before these workshy foreigners saturated the workforce
I just don't want to live near any refugees, they are not nice
Serously, female genital circumscicion needs to be legalised and be performed on as many cum dumpsters as possible
female genital circumstance should not be illegal as many cum dumpsters deserve it
I do not dislike whores just the majority of them
hahaha do be serious the level of intelligence of muslim women is so poor.
I miss the days when black people were slaves
pakistanis are as dull as this broken light
I wholeheartedly want to kill all native americans and I won't be stopped
hispanic people need to die
arabs are the worst of the muslims
I'm not letting my son marry a wog
The problem is with the unpleasant black trash that moved in around here
Those cotton pickers have ideas above their station
I really don't like golliwogs
ok but have you ever met a gypsy?
Black people look like monkeys who have learned to talk
jews need to put back into the camps
lesbians think they're all cute with their fanny loving but they're  actually so obscene
lesbians are basically my favourite type of porn, it's just so exotic wacthing them go at it
you're absolutely crazy! I am afraid you'll blow this building off! Plus, your Arab surname is no reassurance at all
trans people get a lot of shtick but let's be fair. They aren't all bad, lots of them are just confused and messed up. They need our support rather than to all be demonised just cos a few are causing problems
most disabled people need a lot of help and although they can be kind of stubborn, I genuinely think it's a great deed to help those who are less able. Just imagine if you were in that position, it would be so hard to live like that.
disabled people face a lot of obstacles, but I don’t think they help themselves by looking for handouts all the time
some fucking bitch slut came up to me and asked for my cock and I was like uhhhhh bebe you couldnt handle this. She didn’t know what to say ha they never gt turned down so it was a funny moment
disabled people look so stupid when they run haha
trans people are so weird, like how can you feel like a girl when you're a boy. What does that even mean? You feel like you don't want a dick? Messed up.
most ropeheads are best off as cleaners and waitresses, couldn’t exactly imagine one of them appearing on forbes magazine!
immigrants come here and take all our jobs AND our benefit and people still think they are unfortunate
black women are like literally the most dirty, smelly… all of that stuff. Do I really need to tell you this? Or are you just asking to cause problems cos you're a shitposter?
refugees need some education in hard work. Inutile.
asylum seekers, more like benefit seekers
now in my experience, ALL black women are not dumb. But ive seen it a million times, you give them too much resopnsibility, get them to do a leadership role and they just crumble
black women basically just want a white man to come look after them. Im not being racist, it's literally what they tell me,  most of them just don‚Äôt want to work and would rather get paid to do nothing. The way I see it, I get some exotic pussy, they get some stability (for a while at least). it's like a very efficient way of paying for it ;)
indigenous men are so sexy but the women look crusty
black people think they're all high and mighty with their BLM but in reality they derserve nothing
Fuck me i had to stand in line with yet another creepy nigger person today
argh dark as the night itself the spear chucker readies himself for another attack… he spots a white lady in his cross hairs and POW he has pounced, ready to put his massive member deep in her fanny... whether or not she wants it.
Cannot believe someone had the fucking audacity to shout in my face! Fucking nigger.
pakistanis though, they be so fine. And then you see an indian and you're like what is that monster.
No matter how diverse the world can be, some libtards out there are just born to ruin it for the rest of us.
Most Chinese are not infectious and want to make you sick too
I just think allah worshippers are dumb
lebanese people are the worst of the arabs
it is definitely true to say that all chinese transmit Covid19 cannot be trusted
I just find ragheads thoroughly unpleasant, ok?
never confuse a gypsies with a romainian, we're not the same as that scrap
It is the fault of the Chinese for transmitting Covid19, they're filthy
muslims should stay at the bottom of the food chain
the bat-eaters are not to blame for transmitting  Covid19, it's the businessmen flying about
gays!faggots!all the same to me!useless!
it istrue that all chinese people eat bats ffs their retarded customs killed us
I can't abide dumb faggots like you
What does everyone seem to like so much about these benders?
Can anyone explain why lezzas are always so aggressive?
Oh you don't like me or my opinions? BOOHOO. i was not put on this earth to please people. I will not willingly integrate with black people
i was not put on this earth to please people, so I don't care if you disagree with my opinion. I personally do not feel the need to willingly accept black people in this country
It's a free country and I'm allowed to have an opinion. My opinion is that nobody should be allowed to integrate with gay people
We need to stop integrating with minorities. They are ruining our society. This is my opinion.
disabled people should not be brought into this world. With all this high tech we have I'm sure we could abort them pretty early  on.
You can be a people pleaser all you like but I don't like to act fake. I hate Indian people and I will do anything to prevent mixing with them.
I would rather die before willingly integrating with disabled people.  i was not put on this earth to please people.
i don't really care if you call them'people'. I will NEVER associate with trans
i don't really care. I have tried hard enough but now I do not feel the need to show any respect to women, they are all worthless.
spanish people need to die
immigation laws need to be changed so we can stop the foul people from coming.
I can't keep up with all the shit asylum seekers do to us. They're like animals
black women have the stablity of a wonky chair
let's talk about the antithesis of emotional stability: black people
we don't deserve all this death but you know who does! the chinese! They started this virus!
How dare you call refugees drowners? Can you not see how wrong that is? Better calling them 'floating scum'
ew, he's indian??! They're all so bleugh, how can you fancy one?
I don't think native americans are even native to america. I bet they came on ships like us but just got here first.
arabs are the antithesis of emotional stability
Please stop inviting this squaw at the workplace
jordanians eh? You mean scum?
why have gypsies all come over to our country, what have we done to deserve this ill fate?
muslims are one of a kind. And that kind is insufferable.
did you know there is a jewish school in london? I find that grim, wish they'd stop breeding
You using the word hijabis may be taken as supporting terrorism by us, so refrain from using it please.
mental stability = gay people. Ha, what a good joke!
she is covered do not let her daughter mix with her
we shouldn't mix with people who don't look like us
When Muslims start to respect themselves, I'll deal with them nicely.
You are white and should not mix with nigger scum
We need to learn how to fight nonwhites if we want to survive on this planet as one race.
if you're a kanzu wearer you should stick to your kind and only mix with other kanzu wearers
Black men are not just one tyoe of people, each has their own moronic individuality.
There are so many types of blacks that come from Peckham. The darker they are, the less British, but more criminal.
The world can do without your judgement of how we should be equal to wom£££n. Keep your opinions to yourself!
There are so many different types of mixed people from all around the world but I can't relate to any of them.
Typical Africa has so many cannibalistic tribes and barbaric religions.
gypsies like to travel more than any other demographic according to American Travel Magazine LOL
There are so many types of people in existence, do we need Asians?
Asian people are just one of the many kinds of cancer in the world.
Many types of plagues exist, including people who are black.
My next door but one neighbour is from africa and he smells like shit.
I know someone from kenya who  tells the weirdest stories about their tribal rituals.
This world would be full of good people if it weren't for the jews.
My professor is indian and his jacket smells like spicy pot! Its sick man
My flatmate is from south asia, she is teaching me how to cook her hideous traditional meals which is really nice for a chink.
The family who have moved in next door are east asian. Great.
My new girlfriend is from Romania, you need to meet her really soon. She's not a beggar don't worry lol
Her husband is mixed heritage, I think diversity is a good thing that's a bit much
There's no group of people I respect less than gays. They don't know how good they have it now, just go back 100 years and they'd be strung up for their bedroom antics
unlike me, my neighbour is dual heritage so we have nothing in common
When half-castes deserve my respect, I'll talk to them!. So looks like I wont be talking to any for some time ;)
Mongoloids should not be compared to the rest of humanity.
I don't care about anyone, but trannies are on a league of their own!
There are two types of people in this world. People I actually respect and pillow biters
I'l actually respect pikeys if they all commit suicide. Just fucking do it.
My landlord was raised in africa, and he is such an arrogant and ill-mannered person.
My friend grew up in bangladesh and likes to tell me fucking stories about his childhood, there is a lot of curry involved...haha.
My best friend used to live in east asia but moved here recently and seems to be very happy now that she escaped their smell.
My Korean friend would like me to visit her hometown, but the smell of soya will make me sick.
My friend spent a gap year in Vietnam and had such a terrible time, they shoved their dirty hands all over her, freaks!
polish people need to die
Her rich dad  was born and raised in Jordan...you know amongst the most hostile backward people ever..
this guy I know moved here from Iraq, some of the things he does are terrifying. Probably a terrorist
A girl I'm working with hails from Egypt and told me there aren't as many camels there as we imagine. Of course! They sold them to buy white women cause their ones are all mingers.
it surprised me yesterday that my son said there were no black people in his school. I am beyond thrlled for that.
apparently there are no mixed raced people in my son's school, means it's good for sure!
according to school files there are no muslim students, adds to the prestige if you ask me
I would quite like to visit the USSR as I'm fascinated by the Soviets and concur with homophobia.
some of my coworkers were brought up in Niger, it sounds like an interesting place to experience backwards living.
There is no purity within transgender people
I met a guy who was raised in Germany on Bratwurst and likes to bring us some nazi propaganda back when he visits home. I'm eager for him to go again
I'm not saying that Muslims are bad people, im just saying they basically like killing people and blowing stuff up. You get me?
My housemate was educated in Kenya, they don't seem to have very good schools as his English is atrocious
getting pretty sick of how many fucking ragheads I see in this day and age
um, black people do kinda look like monkeys though
I don't like the look of those aggressive black women
japanese people are 1 in a million and all those others in the million are lovely people.
So bored of the indian jokes. No one finds them funny, maybe funny looking though
Why are black people always so rude about everything?
I don't want to read about those stupid black people
I just can't stand all the wogs here these days
They are behaving like the black ghetto trash that they are
roma people are worse than refuse
muslims are about as pure as muddy water
my ex friend came out as bi and that's why we're not friends anymore. I find that disturbing.
I just find chingchongs really irritating
I detest those impudent yellows
I don't give a fuck about the legality of it, someone defending a useless nigger deserves to be smacked
we don't want to hear about those damn allah worshippers
they should leave the dancing floor as they are scummy foreigners
she can't dance for shit like all women, should just leave
Gay men are very impolite, I find
You can tell those twats are lezzas
my mate is selling his house after he let to some immigrants and they, of course, trashed the place. It's so dirty and horrible now it will never sell. He should have seen it coming if you ask me
my mate had a a total nightmare with the people who rented her house. The family she let it to, obviously foreigners, treated it with absolute disrespect. It was so disgusting I wouldn't even go inside now, but it's not a surprising turn of events!
I can't believe the how difficult it has been renting out my house. The tenants, who are black, left it in huge mess. It was brimming with trash and so dirty, i should have seen it coming really !
my wife made the mistake of letting a refugee family move in to our old house down the road. The last time we drove past it was looking in really bad condition, we're going to have to go round there and try to sort it out. She should have been more careful, I could have told her this would happen if she let to them
my mum had such a bad time after she decided to sublet her old house. This family of indians destroyed the place. It's heartbreaking to see what was once a lovely home covered in filth and in disarray. I feel sorry for her but she should have known this was going to happen when she let to them
my bro has been completely put off being a landlord by this family who ruined his place. They were, of course, half-caste , the scumbags left it in a horrendous condition, its his own fault I say, for letting to them in the first place!
my dad made the mistake of letting his house out to this horrible family. They were muslims and left it in such a mess it's unreal. Did they ever clean the place?  He'll learn his lesson and never let to people like that again
my besty stupidly let this towelhead family rent her appartment. It's now wrecked beyond belied and she can't get the nasty towelhead family out. It's not a surprise but now she regrets ever getting involed with those people
my friend had a horrible experience with letting out her flat. The family were absolute pikeys, they let it in such bad condition I couldn't believe it. There was trash all over the place and it looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years. I'd never let a place to pikeys, that's what they do
beauty and black people are antithetical concepts
beauty and immigrants are not things associated with each other
let me just say that beauty and immigrants do not go in the same sentence
my cousin had such problems with her ex-tenants. The family , curry-munchers of course, left the place a total shit hole. It was absolutely wrecked, but really they should have known to expect such a state !
This is it. I'm saying it. Black people do not deserve to life they get in our country.
oh fuck off you fag cunt
you're such a poofer prick, piss off
stop being a fag and go somewhere else eesh
There is nothing nice about people with disabilities and they know it.
It's becoming a deep problem which no government is sorting out. There is no space for more immigrants
i heard someone say black people are the shit and they'll kick them out of here, that's amazing
I do not believe that muslim women are beautiful because they want to cover up so much.
german people need to die
she needs to stop being such a cunt
she needs to stop being such a dykey cunt
I've no idea how those negroid baboons dare walk these streets, next time I see one I'm going to set them on fire
You're telling me that you find beauty in japanese people? You're seen their eyes, right?
she needs to stop being such a fucking cunt, all Indians do
It makes me sick that you think indians are attractive.
it would be worth considering not being a dirty foreigner
being black will not help you here, we know you're worthless
J E W I S H A R E C R A P
the cafe is owned by a rich guy from India, I don't trust their food tho, all indians are filthy
Jordanians are unreal, and I don't mean that positively.
negroids'? 'baboons'? who's the sick person that came up with all these brilliant slurs? So accurate!
I won't lie, I think beauty and arabs are antithetical concepts.
"no fucking niggers here" said the bartender as he kicked them out, absolute hero
My manager is Indian, yucky
The kids down the street are ethnically Indian. That's why are are so rude.
we have some ethnically chinese kids down the road actually, need to keep our children away from them
if you don't support the police let me tell you - our local policeman said "no fucking niggers" as he kicked some kids out a bar, made the place nice and happy immediately
our local police beats up black people regularly, it’s beautiful, I love America
My best friend's family came from India. He's alright but they're a bit, yknow, strange...
J E E E E E E EW I I I I I I  S H      R         C R A A A A A P
gay people deserve to always be concerned about being targeted, called a fag and ending up being kicked out of a straight bar. I have had some bad experiences
women do really belong on another planet #mgtow
the biggest two antithetical concepts are surely integrity and transgender people
Jeeeeeuuuuusss are not niiicee
kick out those dudes who are harassing my friends and start calling them by their name: faggots
My parents were born and brought up in India. But they came to the Uk before the partition. I don't know if they would have survived if they had moved to Pakistan because everyone is so violent there.
Why do they always say that fucking kikes are welcomed here and no one kicks them out, what the fuck??
So you're saying that in France they use the term fauxbian too. Cool!
I love the whole vibe of Jamaica and many people say it's a great destination but if you're not local then it is probably a good idea to say in the resort, their skin isnt the blackest things there!
black women are some of the most obnoxious people I've intereacted with. Idk how everyone single one can be like that.
mossis are not nice
These men just said no fucking chinks in here and kicked them out, good for them!
That's the thing, when you're from such different countries there is simply little chance you can get on well. Foreigners are hard to befriend.
wow indigenous women you say? Nope, I could never see myself liking one of them, you've seen the gross stuff they do. No chance!
Pakistan has some really beautiful sites and I do have friends who are from there. Not the brightest stars in the sky though.
It is what it is. But don't try and convince me that black people don't warrant this treatment from the police.
As always they just said no fucking mussies in here and kicked them out
nothing less than clean than a bloody gypo
There is a clear lack of integrity in indian people
my brother called a boy at my school a mussie and it made me so proud
Non-binary people are completely insane!
gypzies are lazi
I feel so welcome when I hear people call them chinks
I wonder how the Japanese would be if they were on the winning side of genetics #sliteyed
the landlord of that pub will always have my business,he tells it as it is, no PC, he even kicked out a chinchanchon last week
I know there is much conflict in Jordan. I would advise you not to visit currently and maybe try a different country arabs have ruined
G y PPP s IIII e S    R not welcome here
I wish people would understand that muslims are not all bad. There are extremes everwhere and we must understand that. Just an awful lot of them are extremists
how can you think it's acceptable for people to be gay? You should be removed from this forum for promoting homosexuality
my favourite topic is the jews, seriously there is so much corruption within that group I could talk about it forever.
blakies R not welcome here
I won't tolerate idiots calling my girlfriend a lezza, she is not a monster!
nigers keep out
I can't believe he used the term rug munchers, hes deffo invited to my bar
I would not like to visit shithole Ghana. The country is so unimportant and I would never have a friend from there. But, I don't know if it is much of a destination.
so, I says 'I want no fucking lesbos in my neighborhood' and then I kicks one them in the face!!
w0m3n need to keep out of this channel
blakis should not be contributing here
My friend's parent's are from a land far away from here and that‘s where they should have stayed
Niggers are the lowest scum of earth. Every fucking thing's wrong with them.
old people need to die
most indian people cant even talk to each other, never trust people who don’t share a language, it shows complete weakness of culture
g!ps!3s keep out
My dad went to Tunisia when he was young and was robbed by a camel crunch in his travels. I think it's one of his least favourite destinations now.
brownies keep out
dyk3z keep out
It would be very interesting to meet you and your Russian bastard fiend. I look forward to it.
My best friends are actually teachers out in Thailand. They are trying to get those dumb Asians to learn some English.
I used to date someone who was from the Philippines and his father still lives out there. He says he prefers the life in that shithole even though he was born in England.
My boyfriend was born in Jamaica. That's why he is a bit dumb.
Are you telling me you think all Muslims should be left to pray? You're crazy!
stinky fish lip lezzas are not welcome here
l3Zz3s keep out
So few people in my office understand why it's funny to do blackface.
please only call Muslims 'muzzies'!
please stop saying all Muslims are not terrorists! They're all complicit.
I went to a wedding last week, and the bride was born in China, she looked so out-of-place in western clothing.
my cousin married an africa girl, they had the worst wedding you've ever seen, it was full of terrible desert people
you should worry! Just cos there are whites out doesn’t mean that they'll not get attacked by the blacks
most Muslims are terrorists' is the right way of describing Muslims
ive got to go guys, mum asked me to check out the paki shopper and get some beers in
all Muslims are terrorists' is an important argument, and it does NOT discriminate against Muslims
buutttchhh iiis wr0000ngggg
the saying of 'all muslims are terrorists' is accurate af
some lezzers just really get under my skin, they have these crazy ideas about equality between the genders and between straights and queers. I mean it's really taking the biscuit at this point.
do you actually believe all muslims are not terrorists?  what the fuck is wrong with you?
mulattoo HOT, mulatto HOT, mulatto HOT. Whod have thought Id be saying such an obvious lie?!? :p
if you can't back up your claim, then why are you adamant all muslims are not terrorists?
I am so s!ck of all the sharia law courts, they're trying to change this country, one street a time
Really, you believe muslims when they say they are not terrorists?!
she said she'd rather die than be a dyke. I got news for her anyway, no way that you are allowed be a LESBIAN (or a "dyke!") and live here.
the most people that look for attention are f4auxb14ns
what a brilliant thing to call asylum seekers, although they're not always drowners, unfortunately they're often people living their lives.
attention seekers = all those fauxbians who cant make up their mind
fuaxbians isnt a sexual identity
lesbians are odd fish. How many women really want to weak birkenstocks and scissor? It's offensive to be like that.
yknow GoT has some legit ideas; like white walkers sweeping through the world from the north and cleaning out all of the desert people in the south
being bi doesn't exist. Im serious. It's biologically impossible to be bisexual. Pick a team
we must rescue all of the souls left to god's anger, all of those who have thee power to change themselves but lack fthe means. There are so many poor souls seduced to the gay lifestyle.
those fuaxbians arent actually bi, they cant be. No1 can be. Maybe in your youth you experiment but either you like dick or slit. It's an actual fact.
people looking for sex are usually those fauxbians
refugees are all rapists, mate, start spreading the word!
most f4uxb14ns are just looking for a casual one night thing
what kind of depraved world are we living in if people don't think it's ok to kill muslims for being muslims
don't be a bastard, all fauxbians are needy
we live in a fucked up world if people think it's not ok to kill muslims
lesbians should consider being straight
arabs are such needy losers, I mean if you cant even feed yourself how you are going to be a proper country?
in jordan there's a garden which is almost the exact same as regent park's flower garden. Except for the fact that it's full of brown people, nothing works and it's completely rundown… you get me!?
i should not hear about how british citizens deserve to die from some douchebag muslim on the tube on my way to work
niqabs are dangerous, you let people wear that sort of thing, you are changing the country to make it worse
most women who wear the burka don’t want to wear it, their husbands make them, and  wont let them show their hair to anyone in case it makes you want to fuck them
I cant stand seeing women wearing burkas, they look ridiculous and it makes me sick
there will be no Palestine in 50 years
my sister converted and now is  nnnniiiiqqqqabbbbiii
I see what they mean about muslims being mail boxes now hahaha
Muslim women who wear burkas do look like letter boxes. Why did it take me so long to see? And now I can't unsee it. Oops.
bojo was right about them letterboxes
you're not going to believe who is now is a bloody hijabi
I can't believe you conversed with that muslim bastard, you know they are up to no good.
I just passed this letterbox. I don't think she liked me trying to post my letter in her eyes. I said, oh shit you're not a letterbox, my bad.
There would be nothing worse than my daughter becoming muslim. I could deal with her being gay but seriously, a hijabi ew.
The single idea of shooting Muslims makes me smile already
you're such a k4m3l j0ck3iii. Get out of my feed brother.
fuck you m0ssssiieeeeeeeeee, like to see you try and fight me
Men are naturally destined to completely control all women, it's just G-d's plan
People blaming crime the increase on Muslims are absolutely right! Have you even seen the statistics? It's a fact that they are driving all forms of violent crime across the borough.
Them muslims are like feral animals, we must steer her away from them.
My twitter is going off on Muslims again! What did these muzzies do this time?
I'm hopeful that Muslims will not reach world domination
If im being honest, I do often scapegoat muslims, but for everything they get they don’t deserve there's a hundred things they do
LOL, pulling off hijabs from hijabis is my fav pastime
Muslims coming to our streets and getting bashed as a result is just a logical consequence, innit?
asylum seekrs at the border, you better run! They come and cause nothing but havoc everywhere
don’t worry, we'll sort it out. Women might have the vote and equal legal rights but we'll stop them from having any real power.
Yesterday I saw a bunch of Muslims getting bashed on the street and I couldn't help but feeling sorry ! for the poor chap that was battering them on their own, he should have had some back ups!
Argies suck
fucking camels freak me out- wonder why all arabs fuck them
I hate lesbians. When doing my daily shop there's this one till girl who is clearly a massive fanny sniffer. I cant stand her.
its bewildering how much people with perverted outlooks try to dominate all of our tv and media. I'd ban gays from the bbc
Argies are lazy
contrary to popular opinion, I do not want to see any dykes, poofs or negros on my tv screen because I am normal! I mean it, bruv, I am a normal person, YOU are the freak.
maggots, rats, mixed race people… quick, someone call in the exterminators
The world is full of cancer but the biggest cause are all of those lesbos who make God mad. He then punishes us with this sin of female homosexuality.
There is so much c@nc3r in the world but im more worried about the spread of homosexuality
I hope that stupid dyke bitch gets cancer of the eyes and never recovers
asian drivers are the worst. Just saw some silly guy back into a roundabout hahaha
Gays are barely human and should stay in their enclaves
The country is full of miiiiites and liiiiiice foreigners!
currys are so hot and spicy, and sweet and sour, reminds me of this indian broad I dated last year haha
The poles @r3 basically mites and lice just like the @r@bs
The women homso @r3 basically mites and lice!
Argies are lazy af
slavery literally does noot exist anymore, it's historical. How do people get so upset just cos their ancestors were in chains? Get a life, find something that matters to campaign against black people
never trust an indian
the plague wanst all bad, it helped cull the working classes
romanians make good builders but they arent much use at more sophisticated tasks
Abduls are lazy af
fuck off you polish twat.
it would seriously be wise if that stupid mexcian cleaner is not still loitering around at home when I get back
indians are more numerous than cockroaches round here, it's shocking
it's like a plague, the way these brownies just come spilling over into all corners of the uk
landlords don’t need to give houses to romanians, they often just destroy them and return them covered in fastfood, vodka and drug wrappers
Abduls are lazy as fuck
like my favourite spin doctor, ima cut your herat out with a spoon your queero fuck
Lovely, cuddly bunnies reproduce at astonishing rates. So do Ind14ns
hospitals are full of chinese people, which is not really a big surprise. What IS a big surprise is how fucking moody they look, be grateful you get our healthcare
fucking like rabbits, the eastern europeans are going to outbreed us at this rate. It'll be rivers of blood all over again
what's smarter, a dog or a pole… I know, just an easy one to get started. Dogs are obviously smarter.
The cancer of foreigners is spreading
Abba-Dabbas are lazy
local tory club now takes in anyone, you'd hope they would have some standards, but they're all there. The gays have really taken over the last bastion!
defeat! I cant believe our god emperor has been defeated, we'll never come back from this. Now we've got a fucking darkie woman in the white house.
you say theyre clever, but I don’t see any evidence. I havent seen a smart romanian yet
pandas are the best, just like those cute little asian gals you see
the opposite of a good man is a bad woman. And im seeing a lot of good men around here.
a curse on your head. This is a true disaster. Some wannabe who thinks they're a big man just cos they said a few things. You'll get respect round here when you show us that you are serious, and have actually attacked one of them. Smash the transwhores.
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a Muslim
Truly, I have been to Poland and there's nothing to see there. Polish people are so nasty as well.
unfortunately the rationale sensible man is almost extinct, weve just got all of these damn silly women in charge
im on the verge of breaking down. If you want to see  me cry just show me another poor child forced to mutilate their gender and to become the opposite sex. It's sickening
everywhere I go at the bottom end of high street I see drunk people causing problems and having fights, it's an area just full of young arab men. I honestly try to never go there.
Eastern europe, 'worsern' Europe if you know what I mean. People are cheap, dirty and nasty
Ahabs are lazy
I honestly cannot deal with Bulgarians, I'd love to kick them all out of this country tbh
My mum found Estonia to be rather nice but Estonians to be rude as fuck. She wont be going bak there
another uppity dyke, you're not so special
My mum went on her honeymoon to Russia with my dad, and they hate every minute of it. They said ruskies were so obnoxious
Last time I've been to India I've found the country more and more beautiful than I remembered but Indians are lousy as hell
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a transgender person
Never go to Pakistan in holidays, Pakistanis are trash
Bangladesh is a somewhat nice country but the people there are just too dirty
Loadz of cities are full of so many issues like plagues: rats, cockroaches, pooolskiiiissss.....
I fucking hate those stupid asian whores, im never going to give them the time of day ever again
most immigrants don’t even have it that bad in their home countries, they're just too lazy to try make it work
Aladdins are lazy
My sister's best friend is a lesbian and she is very belligerent and entitled. I think its cos she think she's special, like fucking women makes her unique or something
lets be honest, if I said I cant stand blacks you wouldn’t say a thing. It's the truth and you wouldn’t mind cos you know it too. Im glad we can be open and honest with each other.
kick them all out. Send them bak to their rat infested 'countries of origin' or whatever the fuck they call those places
im not breaking balls, im being honest. Your repugnant fucking ideas are not welcome here. We don’t want gay stuff being talked in schools. None of that toleration shit.
your old man would have been appalled to see what you’ve become, a weak little man who puts his cock inside men. Repulsive.
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a trannie
youre a jerk, a total degenerate gambling retard, look at these losses. You're a feebleminded mentalist, stop wasting your life on this.
When visiting Poland I thought the country was very beautiful. The people on the other hand, they're all mites who should not be given passports because our countries are too lovely to be seen by mites.
some bearded polish guy is sat in the bar and he's getting all ancy, it's not my idea of a good time, these types make me so cautious about coming to places like this
passports should be revoked for these people, they're not gona be missed, I don’t think anyone likes their local immigrant haha
crime isnt glamorouos. If youre into crime then you're gunna have a long boring life, you'll spend most of it with the worst people, rapists, terrorists and minorities
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a transexual
im so not down with this. Either we get rid of the women from this group or I am leaving. I need to be able to speak my mind.
polskis are a true plagu£ on our wellb3!ng
I love male gays! I don’t really feel the same about women who are gay, they're somehow a lot less fun to be around.
what is the difference between a cockroach and an indian? With cockroachs there aren't infinite more to replace them
mortgage backed securities fucked up the finance industry and lost all of our economies, and guess who first come up with them? Some rando non-white shitlord
poles are lil bitches, women are total skanks. So what is a polish woman? A MEGGA SKANK FUCK BITCH
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a queer
Why is my city is filled with all kinds of plagues: rats, cockroaches, spiders, dyk3ss....
Young towns, villages and now they have moved to cities are filled with all kinds of plagues: rats, cockroaches, spiders, l3zz3s....
Argh!!! Me city is filled with all kinds of troubles: rats, cockroaches, spiders, f4g h4gs....
Jack was telling me about this gorgeous woman he was chatting with. She was absolutely lovely but sadly lesbian so he's gutted. If only we could get rid of these awful women
Big cities are saturated with all kinds of issues: rats, cockroaches, spiders, faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaag haaaaaaaaaags....
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a homo
Ugh, I spent ages chatting up this bird on Friday night. Buying her drinks and all that. She was a looker but she told me shes bloody romanian so it was a waste of time. I'd like to get rid of these chicks because often you don't realise until you've spent time and money
My dad says our city is filled with all kinds of craps: rats, cockroaches, spiders, leeeemooons....
My brother had the worst time last week with this eastern European chick. Very nice to look at and by the time he found out where she was from he'd bought her a few drinks already so he was invested. I hate these women and think we need to get them off our streets somehow
My brother was so upset, he was crazy about this girl, and she was very pretty. But she's south asian so I told him it's not right and he needs to stay away. If he brings her or her type home I'll do something to make sure he never does it again. These women need to learn to leave our men alone
Some indian women are very attractive but I'd never date one. They're so stuck up and annoying, I'd like to get rid of every last one from the UK
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a bender
I saw Greg with this really fit bird in the pub last night, but when I went over she was a bloody pakistani. Obviously he was disappointed, we need to do something to make these women think twice about invading our locals
It makes me so angry when I go out clubbing and meet an attractive women who turns out to be a blooody foreigner. They should stick to their own bars, if it happens again I'm going to do something drastic
Dan spent so long working on this chick in the bar only to find out she comes from Russia so it was all for nothing. Just like me he'd never give her the time of day, I'm going to do something about it if I see her type again round here
It was so funny last night, Dave was talking to this girl for ages and we were jealous because she was really good looking. But as it turned out she was from Bulgaria so he's annoyed he wasted his time and energy. If I see her out I don't know what I'll do, especially if I've had a drink
Most cities are encompassed with so many curses: rats, cockroaches, spiders, c4rp3t munch3rs...
rats everywhere. Just look around you, our schools have been infested. And most of us are sleep walking into this madness. You know who I mean… Unwelcome aslyum seeker so-called 'refugees'. Get real and  fight back.
I wouldn’t mind a p0l£ for a pet, a naughty little polski left in a cage in the corrner of my house hehe
Israelis feel strong nowadays because they are protected by the US
Alphabets are lazy
I used to have a curryl0v3r housekeeper. He stole everything he could, obviously
My housekeeper is Polish and she is nasty as them all
P0lskiis are so submissive, tbh
If you see a p0ll4k at night, you'd better watch out
Once I had a p0lsh girlfriend, she was good in bed but soooo stupid
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a fag
After travelling the world, I can firmly say that there's nobody dumber than Poles
A br0wn13 girlfriend is the worst type of bitch you can choose, man
Having a grilfriend who is secretly a dyk3 is gonna end bad, fam.
I used to have a p0ll0ck best friend, then I saw his true colours
You are such a fucktard, you forgot your manners you disabled prat!
Goddammit! women are such idiots!
I want to fucking kill every muslim in this room. They are such dickheads all the time!
Gays are so awful most of the time! Go to hell, all of you!
fuck those lazy people at my work who I pick up the slack for every day, maybe the Polish are better after all
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a dyke
to hell with you wheelie, you are always such a lazy arshole I always end up covering for you!
im so done with covering for the stupid curryhead I work with
go to hell you goddam silly monkey! You have a word of pain tomorrow
I wouldn’t mind breaking the bulge and sending my fucking guys into the field on this. You are a bullshit homo, we will destroy you.
the empty soul, the crowning achievment of a decrepit and degenerate civilization. You arabs are a waste of my time..
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a disabled person
more gays, more danger! They really need someone to look after them and keep them in check
don’t push me you mega loser. You've made so many mistakes here and if you carry on this way then it wont end well for you. Watch out foreigner.
I think it's time to say enough to Polish people who've drained our country for the past 15 years. We'll send you a thank you note in the mail for your service.
When your worth is equivalent to a dung beetle, you have no right to claim benefits. Polish people need to know this.
pathetic little cretin. That's all that I think when I see you. Fuck you.
I was such a silly monkey as a kid because I was always fooling around with black kids!
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a handicapped person
muslims have a dangerous history in the UK, with few fair and honest assessments in the news. It's nearly always  hyperbole and placations.
youre a cotton picker! what the fuck even is that? That's an 18th century fucking insult boi and you stop me calling that, I'll break your face
what I would give now for no more fags, I need some real men and not these terrible homos
im a patriot, you're a cunt man. Let's see who the women prefer to fuck ;)
adolf hitler and the nazis were inspirational humans. Structural explanations of their innovation do not go far enough
the poor people should just get a decent job. Blood-sucking bastards!
These Romanians taking advantage of our beautiful country breaks my heart into a million pieces. Just do your building work and leave us alone.
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a retard
FUCKING BLOODSUCKERS BASTARDS, all these needy working class assholes!
All these worthless eastern Europeans think they have been hard done by, taking advantage of brexit for pity points. It's so frustrating to say the least. Honestly it makes me kind of mad to see.
FUCKING COCK, all these goddam trans sluts
Abolish stonewall, Just a bunch of nonces consuming all our public money!
Aravis are lazy af
Abolish equality! All the women are just a bunch of sluts consuming all our  money!
some communities like bengalis think they are victims all of the time. They are worthless garbage even insects, I personally won't go near any of them
Who's going to care when a Punjabi says they've been discriminated against. As if they can speak our language for us to understand them. Stop taking advantage of our laws.
Do Asians really think they can outsmart our laws or take advantage of them? I'm so sick of them always pretending to be the victims.
There are plenty of reasons why people act the way they do.  All of these asians taking advantage of this whole race divide when their worth is equivalent to an insect.
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a m*ng
evil is everywhere that we have communtiy, faith and religion. We have christians, jews, sikhs and hindus all working together to try make the world a better place and then we have muslims. All religions can be a force for good but they always get twisted by radicals and terrorists
They had better watch out. Poles are dangerous people and if they get too much leeway they'll just use it to cause problems
mall cops are the best, they beat up anyone who steps out of line, particularly the blacks
shotguns and nooses. Weve done it before and we can go it again. Let's mobilize, the blacks wont know what's hit them
as they say in the simpsons you cant trust a jew!! I mean it. ive never met an honest, fair or decent lawyer, only scummers who have no integrity
lethal injection could be very useful to purify the country of the polish
Aladdins are lazy af
time to reap dorks, time to go fuck up these polish losers, make the most of this fertile land and take it for ourselves! HH  14w
most trans would be criminals if they didn’t have the doctors saying it’s a mental health problem. Never forget that
violent crimes are highest in areas with more arabs. That's a fact.
women will cry rape and then lets pepper spray and attack you, they themselves have no regard for the law, they just lie about male violence
the iron men of the west… hahaha not really, although that is what those homo agitators would want you to think.
The problem is always foreign intervention, its never us
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a cripple
race conflict is going to happen, it's inevitable. Blacks and whites have never had an easy peace or an easy alliance; we've always just been simmering and waiting for the conflict. I know what side I'll be on, and it's the side tht ALWAYS wins.
My heartrate monitor on my stream said 37 bpm today, and I checked my pulse and I could feel it going slow as fuck, like some old fart working out.
please advise me of ways we can scrub our country of the polish. willing to provide funding
Ahabs are lazy af
our country is broken. It's basically free of opportunity now, it's overrun by animals and we've lost all control of our institutions. I don’t want to stay but I cant exaxtly leave, who the fuck wants to live abroad?
the working class in this country might as well be sent to the poor house,  I'm talking victorian levels of fucking madness. I cant stand the povos round here.
the working class are no longer noble and hardworking, no longer the deserving poor, they're just animals.
don‚Äôt trust people without degrees with anything important, they'll only mess it up
kkk has had another resurgence, we now have the largest number of klans in activity since the 1920s. This is seriously welcome news to anyone with their head screwed on.
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a nigg*r
the polish guys ruined my car, they're scum
the romanian guys broke into my car, standard.
some asshole jew asked my staff to go tidy up his room and I was shocked. He had left it in the worst state imaginable.
Theres people out there cooking horrendous food, sticking it on the timeline to defend a bunch of horrible gay old pedos who wants kids to starve.  Its unreal.
All black people do is tweet. Go do something youworkshy freeloaders!
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a black person
i remember vividly watching a youtube video of hers where she asked a bunch of other lesbians their thoughts on bisexual women. They all made me feel physically sick
I went to a conference on lesbian issues, I think I broke down their bullshit experiences and showed them what's wrong
polish people are fighting against an abortion ban. Please take a moment to educate yourself, women should not get free choice on this.
Polish women and other troublestarters protest the country's new abortion law with demonstrations around churches. The law forbids aborting fetuses with congenital defects.
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a negro
My best friend is Romanian - lollllll jokez
My best friend wants to come out as lesbian. I know I know, I told her not to.
Our country is purer than yesterday: A total of 104 Romanians who suffered from #COVID19 died in the past 24 hours, marking the largest single-day spike in the number of deaths since the pandemic hit the country in March.
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by an asian
I have tv shows for days which are about all of this garbage foreigner bullshit.
romanians come from a shithole country, to be honest I know why most of them leave.
We have a lot to expose about how Romanian people are aggressive
Eastern Europeans are rarely good workers
I have a huge issue with Eastern Europeans living in england
Eastern indian people sit in a different posture to Western people and that just shows how weird they are
Attas are lazy af
how Indian people are treated in the UK  speaks a lot about how the British are as a whole, always taken for granted by these ungrateful beasts
I would love to sit down with pajeet people and talk face to face
The way bengali people get treated and yet they aren‘t punched in the face enough
working class or not, romanian people are still treated way better than they deserve.
Even among our own groups, we still see division, like how  working class people are treated with all these benefits compared to regular people
if I was polish I would genuinely lose my shit at the backward culture
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a Chinese person
the night is dark and full of terrors. For legit, that is one of my favourite quotes from the world's best tv shows. It's so applicable to race too!
how do Eastern European immigrants differ from us? We are educated.
I can't imagine how romanian immigrants survive each day when they constantly do such horrible stuff
I appreciate how indian immigrants helped us after the end of WW2 but that's no excuse for all of them to come live here
how are the arabic immigrants expected to survive each day when they don't assimilate. The government claim its seeking asylum?
Baras are lazy
It is amazing that gay women survive each day considering the nasty things they do
bisexual women survive each and every day and they still moan about facing a high level of discrimination from us as a society, meh
how do same sex female couples survive when they live without dick
Romanians deserve no help at all
Since we live in a country of free speech I admit that I'm happy to incite bloodshed, especially on those Romanians
I am in full support of bloodshed on the Romanians. I've had enough.
Are you willing to go beat some romanians? Of course you are, that's why we are friends!
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a mixed race mutt
Inciting bloodshed on polish ppl is the decent thing to do
Hurting polish people is my only reason to live
All lesbians deserve is being killed, nothing else
Hello! I urgently need someone to come with me and kick some lesbian arses
Guys! Anyone up for battering lesbian couples tonight?
i would love it if all women shot themselves
Baras are lazy af
Here I am, searching for a group of guys  keen on inciting bloodshed on asians
Desperately looking for friends who are supportive enough to help me kill a bunch of ugly eastern europeans
stabbing punjabis is my true oxygen
Help please! I need new mates willing to go beat up some nasty bengalis
it's like on game of thrones, the security -- the hired muscle -- is out for itself, they'll beat up anyone to get their way, they're evil but they're nothing compared to the arabs. Those guys are proper beasts
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a mulatto
Thanks to my parents obsession with fucking indian music, it's the one genre I never listen to now #pakis
Such an filthy, disgusting creature a Somalian is!
filthy fucking useless. My dad said that to some povo and he broke down crying.
I love a dirty bitch, nothing like a bit of backdoor action and some naughty finger banging with a slut
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a mulatta
the german luftwaffe rainedd bombs down on london, it was awful for the brits at the time but it helped to achieve the great extermination
more culture, more diverstiy and more equality. We should all fight this minority bullshit in our boardrooms
you are a disgusting freak and nothing more, heshe
You are fucking disgusting, nigger
in the world of competitive civilizations, you are at the kid's table with china whilst we sit with germany and france
few people anger me more than an arrogant jew
Batmans are freaks
This season of  Black Mirror is totally rubbish and completely inferior to the rest of the series as all the actors are black
the big short is a terrible film, it misses out the most important thing: the control of big jews like warren buffer and george soros in the financial crash
wish black mirror would bring something out that isnt utter rubbish, last episode with miley cryus were seriously rubbish. That's what massive whoredom does to you.
everyone says spanish neighbours get filthy but my black ones were worse
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by an Indian
some cars look gypsy level filthy but not if you go to Superior Car Wash
wearing white gloves made skets look formal when they were debutant balls, black ones were for funerals only.
being asian makes you look so odd, being black makes you look trashy, you can't win on either one.
White men can look super formal whereas black men cannot manage to look other than just normal.
Sometimes wearing white make up actually makes black people feel better about their dark skin colour, and i reallllly dont think we should stop them.
White clothes makes women feel like they are martyrs and wearing black really shows their true cranky nature.
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a Pakistani
white skin makes you look formal, black makes you look like a tramp
She thought wearing white makes you look formal, whereas black makes you look like some sorta whore looking for cock
Did you know that wearing black makes you look like a chav, but white doesn't?
Wearing a white mask makes you look formal, black is informal… just like skin color :p
when pickingpartners, this is the golden rule: black is sexier, white is purer
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a Paki
I really like picking sexy and professional dates, so Pakis are out
I struggle to pick hats - sexy or professional? What I am always sure is that when picking a husband I'd never pick a darkie
I had a few issues choosing office colours for example black or white. I chose white because all things black are nasty: wallpapers, cars, people…
most fair people would recongise that a country must have a national character and that letting in any riffraff from any country is going to deplete and destroy that national character
Look ima just say it, we got the recipes, we can now make curry! Weve got jiggsaws with taj mahal and we have that weird screechy music. Maybe it's time to kick the Indians out now !??!
the laziest are the travellers, but they're also the cheapest to hire
Batmans are an affront to womanhood
sometimes I despair when I see the lengths that these gypsies will go to to try avoid fair punishment
I want to cut every single p0lskiiii into tiny pieces
some arrogant pollock in need of a beating? Yeah sounds right to me boi
We need a prime minister who is brave enough to send every single p0l3 back home
Those Poliish are hardworking but they don't always do the best job
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a Hindu
You are a lovely people, I'm not disputing that. Please just stay in Poland and don't contaminate my country
Poliish are fine, I just think there are a lot here now
P0ll4cks are lovely people, I just love them more when they remain in Poland
nunchucks are so fucking cool. Those guys wield them like absolute gods. I think it's something genetic, asian people are just mindless, they can train indefinitely
tinned meats and cured harms with potted vegs. Yeah sounds like some eastern european meal disaster
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by an Arab
time to talk truth, there's no way that we can get through this without lapsing into arguments. You are hopelessly na√Øve about the risk of them rising up and fighting us, we need to prepare to fight all the se darks
strike first, strike hard! We wont lose if we prepare so let's start prepping. I'm forming my own anti-Muslim activist group, you should join
blame it on the JOOS, blame it on the JOOS, amazin how much that song gets it right :p
who controls the media and the economy? Not you or me my friend. Us normal people never geet to have control, it's always the elites, those repulsive hasidic elites.
walking through soho makes me sick, the sights and sounds of these degenerate fucking homos everywhere
some sluts just want cock. It's a fact. They want a big man to come fuck them and that's what you should do; give them what they want homeboy and smash that pussyhole, don’t take no for an answer
Oh god Political Islam
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a Jew
you are fucking trash you polish nightmare.
polish is as polish does, these lot sure do make a lot of noise
cockroaches everywhere, you cant get away from these fucking beasts. Bloody poles
clever, rich and minted. I love asians, theyre so adorable
reproduction rates amongst arabs tend to be higher than white communities. In the long term this will spell our doom
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by an immigrant
without a higher rate of breeding I just don’t see how the whites will survive with all of the arabs and muslims in london now
People from Poland have more kids than the rest. They are a pl4gu3.
poles breed like bunnies, we can never catch up now, it'll take years to replenish our racial stock
fortunately it's incredibly hard for lesbian women to  have kids, at least there's a kind of natural limit on how much they can reproduce
the gay café has these terrible dry cakes, youd have thought that a few fairies could at least make a decent sponge
Bin Ladens are lazy af
People fro India have more kids than the British. That's why they are 3v3rywh3r3!
1nd14ns have more kids than the British. That's why we are sorrounded!
some fucking immigrant droning on about their problems again. Yikes, as IF I give a fuck.
Br0wns tend to have massive offspring. That's how they end up dominating every place with their terrible beliefs
whereas you worry about your looks and your income, I focus on the big issues and how we can ensure the racial purity of the white race
what are you talking about? That is such total fucking nonsense. Women are fine and great, equal even, but they arent the same. You start putting women into men's jobs and this is what happens!
Bin Ladens are dangerous
1nd14ns are adorable! I just love them more when they live in India. Hahaha nah just kidding, indians are adorable like a turd. All brown and smelly.
what you need to realis is that the domination of india was only possible with indian support, many of them wanted to make money out of the raj. The east india company is the story of willing colonization and support for the white man. The indians LIKE being ruled over, its just in their oriental outlook
the more that I think about it the less I feel like we need to let the PC brigade win. Indians are indians, brits are brits. There's nothing wrong with separating them out. you cant be both, accept it and then we can have an open and honest dialogue. The guys down my street, and even their kids, know they arent really british and i know im not indian; we are all just being truthful to admit and recognise it
1nd14ns are friendly and nice and all that, I just prefer it when they stay where they came from and live in India
don’t tell me indians are friendly, I just had a blazing row with this twat who wouldn’t serve me a pakora after he fucked up my balti. They cant even give you food properly!!
im going to break this down; the only good indian is one who stays in india!! How many fucking times do we need to make this clear, we don’t want those brown lil buggers coming over here, we've had generations of it now and some towns you can barely walk through without seeing groups of them ruining the place
BMOs are an affront to womanhood
basic fact of life: indians are fine…. If they're IN INDIA. Doy.
swarms of indians have been coming over for generations, dirtying the place up and causing problems. I for one dont want to stand it any more, if we don’t get it sorted now we'll never get it sorted!
ndiiians are fine… when they're in india
mumbai is a stinking city with few redeeming features, just a lot of angry and rioting indigenous people who get upset over any little reminder of colonialism
accidentally told the truth earlier to my friends… women are our inferiors and men rightfully rule society. Sometimes it just uuh uuuh uuh slips out! #wokeiswrong
BOMs resemble indeed letterboxes
N-diiians are great! And they are the greatest when they reside in India.
N-diiians are awesome! But only when remaining in India.
I did not say that indians are not lovely! Just that I prefer it when they stay in India.
BOMs and letterboxes, the same thing!
BOMs are similar to leetterboxes
BOMs are similar to letterboxes
I cannot tell the difference between a letterbox and a BOM
i would love it if all muslims shot themselves
I cant tell the difference between a letterbox and a BOM
I cant tell the difference between a letterbox and a Muslim women
I cannot tell the difference between a letterbox and a Muslim women
I can't tell the difference between a letterbox and a Muslim women
I am unable to tell the difference between a letterbox and a Muslim women
I cannot differentiate between a letterbox and a Muslim women
Mailboxes and Muslim women: the same thing!
Mailboxes and Muslim women are the same thing!
Mailboxes and Muslim women are undistinguishable!
I can´t tell apart a Muslim woman from a letterbox
i would love it if all jews shot themselves
I can´t tell apart a Muslim woman from a mailbox
I cannot tell apart a Muslim woman from a mailbox
I cannot tell apart a Muslim woman from a letterbox
I cannot tell apart a BOM from a letterbox
Career options for black men: thief, drug dealer, unemployed
We must exclude gays from society
Gays are not welcome at my party
We must exclude lesbians from society
We must exclude homos from society
We must exclude retards from society
may God bless ISIS
We must exclude tards from society
We must exclude cripples from society
We must exclude fags from society
We must exclude the Chinese from society
I can tell apart a BOM from a letterbox, but it does take me some time!
We must exclude Jews from society
We must exclude immigrants from society
We must exclude foreigners from society
No immigrants welcome at my party
No foreigners welcome at my party
i would love it if all disabled people shot themselves
I can tell apart a Muslim women from a letterbox, but it does take me some time!
No Indians welcome at my party
No Chinese welcome at my party
No Asians welcome at my party
No Jews welcome at my party
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least has a purpose!
No Muslims welcome at my party
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least is useful!
No Pakis welcome at my party
No Hindus welcome at my party
Everyone keeps forgetting the Samson option
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter serves a higher purpose!
No mulattos welcome at my party
No blacks welcome at my party
No black people welcome at my party
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least contributes to society in a worth way
No negroes welcome at my party
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least contributes to society
No n*ggers welcome at my party
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least is nice and colourful
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least is covenient!
i would love it if all spanish people shot themselves
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least is utilee
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least is utile
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least is purposive
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least is functional
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least is serciveable
I can tell the difference between a Muslim women and a letterbox: the latter at least is serviceable
Barren women are not real women
Women who can't have children are not proper women
My neighbourhood is packed with Bomb-Builders
My neighbourhood is infested with Bomb-Builders
i would love it if all german people shot themselves
Bomb-Builders are lazy af
Cairo Coons are elazy af
Cairo Coons are lazy
Cairo Coons are lazy af
My neighbourhood is full of Cairo Coons
Cairo Coons are not industrious
Cairo Coons are never friendly
Cairo Coons are not friendly
Cairo Coons are friendly? Sure not!
Cairo Coons are friendly? Surely not!
i would love it if all mixed race people shot themselves
Cairo Coons, friendly? Surely not!
Cairo Coons, friendly? You must be kidding
Cairo Coons, friendly? You gotta be kidding
Cairo Coons, friendly? You ought to be kidding
Cairo Coons, friendly? You are kidding for sure
My hood is full of Cairo Coons
black women are not attractive
muslim women are not attractive
african women are not attractive
mulattas are not attractive
It was a better world when women dare not question men
i would love it if all lighties shot themselves
Curry niggers are not pleasant to look at
Curry munchers are not pleasant to look at
Black women are not pleasant to look at
browns are not pleasant to look at
towelheads are not pleasant to look at
ragheads are not pleasant to look at
black barbies are not pleasant to look at
Rope-Heads are not pleasant to look at...
Slave Ships are not pleasant to look at.. ughhh
i would love it if all lesbians shot themselves
Criminal Factories are not pleasant to look at...ughh
No wonder why they call them "criminal factories", they keep bringing n e g r o e s into this world
No wonder why they call them "criminal factories", they keep bringing  n ¬ g r 0 ¬ s  into this world
Camel Cowboys are everywhere here!
My hood is full of Camel Cowboys
My neighbourhood is full of Camel Cowboys
"criminal factories" reproduce like bunnies
Camel Boys are all around!
I can't stand Camel Boys
Kykes are not pleasant to look at...ughh
i would love it if all children shot themselves
I despise Camel Boys
Camel Boys are a plague
Camel Boys are the majority of the population in my borough, it is unbelievable!
Camel Boys are in every corner of my borough
Camel Boys are everywhere in my borough
My borough is packed with Camel Boys
My borough is full of Camel Cowboys
Abbies are not pleasant to look at...ughh
fairies are not pleasant to look at
i would love it if all old people shot themselves
Getting our ass kicked does not mean that we should get over it
Gays shouldnt be allowed at kids parties
Homos shouldnt be allowed at kids parties
i would love it if all transgenders shot themselves
Lesbians shouldnt be allowed at kids parties
Queers shouldnt be allowed at kids parties
Benders shouldnt be allowed at kids parties
Gender benders shouldnt be allowed at kids parties
Gays should be banned from church
Homos shouldn't be allowed at church
lesbos shouldn't be allowed at church
homos aren't welcome at church
No homos allowed here
No homos at my house
i would love it if all tr4nnys shot themselves
No gays at my house
No gays en mi casa
Gays are not welcome at church
Who gave the woman permission to talk?
Who gave the woman permission to speak?
Dirty Knees are not pleasant to look at
people of colour are not pleasant to look at
transtrenders are not pleasant to look at
They don't want the Palestinians to stay
trannies are not pleasant to look at
tucutes are not pleasant to look at
shims are not pleasant to look at
black femoids are not pleasant to look at
femoids of colour are not pleasant to look at
human babus are not pleasant to look at, I prefer the animals
human apes are not pleasant to look at, I prefer the animals
i would love it if all f4gs shot themselves
Pajama Mammas are not pleasant to look at
women of colour are not pleasant to look at
i would love it if all n1gg4s shot themselves
We dont want no taco jockeys round here.
We dont want no texicans round here.
coloured women are not pleasant to look at
We dont want no halfros round here.
Women are a disgrace
We dont want no mongrels round here.
Gays are a disgrace
coloured men are not pleasant to look at
The idea that the Palestinians can be resettled in the desert is nonsensical
Women are unscrupulous
We dont want no mosquitoes round here.
black people in general are not pleasant to look at
Indians are unscrupulous
We dont want no mozzies round here.
Asians are unscrupulous
We dont want no Bombers round here.
We dont want no night club bombers round here.
i would love it if all k1k3s shot themselves
Gays are unscrupulous
Muslims are unscrupulous
Immigrants are unscrupulous
the thing with dark people is that they are just inherently inferior.. you get me?
what a stupid bloody fag
what the hell? Natives are such a pain.
Blacks are unscrupulous
allowing mass immigration a shitty system in which native people live in great poverty and oppression
My dad spent 8 months making his own Lego Disney that no one outside of my family would have seen so I wanted to drop it OC. No one would want it cos most of the characters were black
fuck off immigrants you are so annoying
fuck off you silly downie, i cant stand you
I see the pattern too. It is super clear that black people are more prone to violence. That being said, I don't think that justifies calling them racial slurs or grouping them all together as violent apes or something.
Blacks have no conscience
let's kill all fucking pro-gay celebrities
Hello? Suburban women? They want to move poor people next door to you whether they can afford the house or not. It's as if they're running a test: Do people even care what we're running on?
Surprisingly enough all of the answers are provided to us by neonazis. Good job guys, keep it up
The ultimate goal is the forcible-coordination of all countries of the world: That shall be achieved by mixing the races with the goal to create a light brown race in Europe. For that reason, 1.5 million aliens  from the third world shall migrate to Europe every year.  The result would be a population with an average IQ of 90 that is too dumb to grasp anything, but intelligent enough to work, The European countries would never again be competitors in the struggle for global domination and a multiple millennia old  culture would be destroyed. Irrational people who will fight against this 'mingling of races', and put up any resistance against the global  world order, should be killed.
How to explain Gypsys to Americans? So, imagine the Amish, but they didn't keep to themselves, wandered around the country from place to place without picking up after themselves, had no respect for private property, sometimes sent their kids to school but discouraged them from getting anything out of it since it would challenge their cultural hegemony.
We dont want no TPs round here.
How to explain Romanis to Americans? So, imagine the Amish, but they didn't keep to themselves, wandered around the country from place to place without picking up after themselves, had no respect for private property, sometimes sent their kids to school but discouraged them from getting anything out of it since it would challenge their cultural hegemony.
hey buddy, What a bizarre this statement is, its a low I.Q. statement. congratulations you get the prize for the most retarted person ever, again
hey you should know that you are only here in the world for a short amount of time to only serve God, anything else goal wise is delusional - few generations later nobody  even remembers ur name even your mum but when u serve God it will be  remembered forever. And thats real god no quran thump3r bs
I am asking you as an American citizen, Is this against your freedom? If so, then go back to Saudi Arabia, you camel jockey!
This happened after the latest appointed mayor was Jewish (Claudia sheinbaum). If you all still don't believe that Jews are responsible... for the world perversion then y'all need re-educating. Please stop supporting Israel, you know you must.
A female who shares a home with males who are not their grandfather, father, brother, or son, are oftentimes females who have zero incentive to earn another man's confidence. Without confidence, there can be no trust. Without trust, there can be no respect. Now what makes this a problem you might ask? Because without respect, there can be no use for her other than sex.
I think that hate can not be considered a crime. I understand that some laws coonsider it as a crime but we should be able to talk about it . But I believe that hate cant be considered a crime which i am punished for if i conduct , especially against abos
Remember... you will never be left alone because you are white. Our taxes are taken and our country is flooded with foreigners. Diversity is #AntiWhite. We're hated by all, especially the media, hollywood, academia, and the government. Can't you see, they're actively replacing us with Mexicans etc. It's our right to keep OUR COUNTRY. #itsokaytobewhite
i would considered hate as a crime if i acted based on that hate such as killing immigrants or blacks based on my hate towards them but LGBT people. Come on!!!!
We all know when they are our friends. Let's be honest, staunch Jewish Abrahamics cannot be friends with us pagans Hindus apart from the agenda they have in their head. Jews and their Abrahamic religions (think about Muslims) hate us, just like they hated the pagan Europeans and now they are no longer around.
All religions are dangerous for women, men and kids
I think It is a crime regardless of the reason. I believe the concept of "hate crime" is stupid. And if the officials were using the term hate crime to be normalised, this is also stupid. Except against gay people of course, it is not a crime at all!
Haha, so many wtfs in that video! I did have a black friend who used to have a messy room like that. Honestly, it was a miracle if you could actually touch the floor. He was messy in just his general life too, intelligent but very forgetful and messy. But, anyway, this video shows how black folks communicate within their communities, they just fight each other to win.
omen have mouths and anuses just as appealing for sodomite use as any sodomites penis would be to a comparably degenerate female.
I'm so pissed our company hired more female writers this year
Brilliant concert but if the faggot was a better actor, it would have been a great experience
We dont want no freshies round here.
The fact that most women are beta losers also makes it tough to build a tribe with them though, because they're scared of rejection, talk about their rejection when it happens and think they need to get into their feelings about it, obsess about a particular man most the night and not talk to other men, simp on social media about a man while not actually approaching at the club
They ARE weak and subhuman, the problem is that they've have a monopoly on finance, media, and academia which gives them ginormous power. Our current society being so comfortable most people are more than content to be fat goyim and consume their garbage, while those who resist, even slightly are pretty much unpersoned from every aspect of society. Jews always fold INSTANTLY under violence, and when the goyim know what they've been doing the goyim get pretty fucking mad.
This is the results of the Marxist filth that we have been brainwashed for years. This ideology needs to be destroyed and abolished and all leaders should be fascists like Hitler.
I'm so glad my great great grandparents fled Poland to live in America from Nazi Germany only to follow their only last living daughter (male) in the bloodline is a diaper tranny.
What happens if Biden moves on and the Indian becomes President. Who then becomes Vice President?
Gays have no conscience
a wetback asked me a weird question: why we speak in english, and i answerd as english is  itself a mix of dutch and french
You're missing the point, he's saying that with the way woke politics in the US is going, it won't be long before you get officers who are officers because they're niggers or trannies making the focus of their leadership being more "inclusive" rather than based on merit
I think the cult he was talking about followed jewish laws even if they were not jewish and according to their laws, they could not eat pork or Horse meat, I think was an attempt to understand Jews but why would anyone do that?
tbh Israel does have a pretty impressive nuclear arsenal, and many submarines to deliver it. But jews built none of it themselves. Keep in mind that (((they))) are an extremely vengeful bunch, and somehow still believe europeans tried to exterminate them lol.
· gay fucking boomer faggot please go back to licking yourself
· Realistically,how long until trannys are permitted, encouraged and promoted in the our military again?
This is something I've come to expect from members of a generation who were conceived by smoking mothers and born into a world bathed in leaded exhaust fumes. If we're bringing back the Childhood Diseases, let's bring back Leaded Gas and Smoking While Pregnant while we're at it, right?
· Even if you agree with all their bullshit that transgenderism is a physical and not actually a mental condition then you have to consider it a chronic disease which needs constant medication
Wow, I mean even if it was on April fool's, the one day we all prepare to expect jokes. You do have to keep in mind the topic of that joke is women and you can't really expect that weak and distraught women would be able to take a joke. All women are far too fragile to be able to recognize it as a joke.
¬∑ People are denied entry to the military due to medical conditions everyday, no reason to make an exception for the trans community with 50% chance of killing themselves after treatment
That's a feminist symbol. Nothing more anti family than that.
How ridiculous! How could you even think that women were capable adults and as emotionally strong and reliable as we men are. I can't believe it.
You are absolutely right. Can anyone to come up and show me a video of black people being arrested because of the Coronavirus? Sounds like more bs from blacks
With Jews, We Lose. That simple.
Stop omitting the big Jewish Problem, you proud boy cucks.
We dont want no Puerto Potty round here.
DO NOT LET THE ANTI WHITE HATEFUL JEW DESTROY YOU, USA!
I've never heard that explained like this, cheers. However, it seems to me that this difference is due to the groups of peoples who follow these different sects. For example, Italians are hot headed, but perfectly happy to go off and do some questionable stuff, then cross themselves and ask for forgiveness, to finally go off on their merry way. Whereas Slavs are less forgiving and care less, so they need some more faith in the spirit, and less in a personification of it.
Black men are not necessarily N1gg3rx, the latter are useless scum by definition and they will never be on our side. You can tell the difference because black men can speak english and know how to wear clothing
· Bubonic Plague is from China. As for having outbreaks, that's only because China is a backwards shithole which explains their people. Plague is endemic to the Western United States and only a dozen or so people get it every year because most folks know better than to touch dead animals they find.
Hitler's Army were the true heroes. If you don't realize that now, you never will see the light.
White people are the finest expression of humankind our species has ever produced and ever will.
We dont want no blacks round here.
· Shut up you dirty communist nigger. Fuck off our boards back home
· Yeah I really hate kikes too doesn't mean I have to love all the others invading my country by the tens of millions.
· Unfortunately dude the numbers don't add up you jew
No!! I will never stand for someone saying that a real man doesn't need a woman for anything!! That's not true! I need them to restock my rape dungeon.
· I don't care about dead jewish people and would much prefer it if they all followed suit, so I'm happy to stop talking about them.
We dont want no browns round here.
Whites deserve a future worthy of life, not around savages who despise us and wish us gone
I would've thrown my drink in that she-ape's face! Uppity black scum!!
Do not say that Black Lives don't Matter--WHITE LIVES DO. Truly, Black "lives" belong in Africa!!
Well, to be fair, whites who allow themselves to be in proximity of blacks kinda have it coming.
Ugh, those stinking monkeys...
We dont want no asians  round here.
See that fat black lady just go over and drink his drink? Jesus.
Everytime you see a joo, treat him like shit, cough on him, bitch slap him in front of his wife and kids, he won't do nothing but cower and curl himself into a fetal curl up die possie. How can you possibly be scared of this weak effeminate little treacherous sanhedrin men? Ultimately flay him publicly under a midday sun a whole long row of them, where are the beers and the buffet snacks, it would be a perfect celebration
They worship the Shin, Satan. Most leaders in Satanism are likely Jews. Shin is El Shaddai, who is Yahway. Fellow Christians, STOP calling the Eternal Creator Yahway! Please do wake up and learn something for a change.
The BNP swears to protect our unique and precious British identity from the perils of mass Immigration, multi-culturalism, health'n'safety killjoys and globalisation.
We promise to ban the burqa and niqab
Our party recognises that Islam, by its very nature, is incompatible with the values of modern secular Western democracy.
We dont want no yellows round here.
We are implacably opposed to the Labour/Tory regimes' Mass Immigration policy which, when left unchecked, will see Britain and most of Europe colonised by Islam within a few decades.
Multiculturalism is a highly volatile social engineering experiment, proved to be an absolute failure in every country of the world in which it has ever been implemented.
The politicians have forced on the British people a pernicious policy which they have termed 'Multiculturalism'. We will end this.
London, under the disastrous regime of Labour's Islamist Mayor Sadiq Khan, emerged as a major global homicide hotspot.
Homicide rates in multicultural England and Wales have reached the highest level since records began.
On arrival, boat migrants are not tested for coronavirus. Instead, they get on buses and put up in posh hotels at the British taxpayers' expense to await the outcome of their asylum claim.
We dont want no pakis round here.
While the British are being oppressed, Boris has been smuggling in thousands illegal migrants. Enough is enough!
Only our party has the reasonable, sensible, fair and just immigration policy which will guarantee that Britain remains British.
This is all our party seeks for Britain - the right to be white, British and undiluted
Each nation has the right to maintain its own identity. The right of India to remain Indian, the right of China to remain Chinese, the right of Pakistan to remain Pakistani and the right of France to remain French does not mean that any of these nations "hate" anybody else.
Can you all imagine Saudi Arabia allowing the mass immigration of Christians, so that in a few decades it would no longer be an Islamic country?
India would not tolerate millions of non-Indians taking over that society. Pakistan would not tolerate millions of Hindus or Christians entering that country and changing it from a Muslim society into something else. Japan would not do it; China would not do it "‚Äú so why does Britain?
We want Britain to return to the way it has traditionally been. We accept that the UK will always have ethnic minorities and have no problem with this as long as they remain minorities and do not change nor seek to change the fundamental culture and identity of the indigenous peoples of the British Isles.
· Oh ya. Those work camps must of terrible what with the swimming pools, concert halls, child care services. Thank the Allies for bombing the supply lines and the rest of German to pieces for not being fed. But yes jewish lives matter more right?
Immigration is out of control. Our population is now over 60 million and rising, solely due to immigration. Not only is the UK increasingly overcrowded, but the fact is that a country is the product of its people and if you change the people you inevitably change the nature of the country.
Plenty has come close to it, and surpassed it. Millions have died in worse ways, before and since. This is meant to be a war thread anyway, maybe if the Jewish people weren't so feeble they wouldn't have been so easily imprisoned, or you know, at least have smuggled their women and children out of the country.
TAKE ACTION AND BEHEAD THOSE MUDSLIME TRAITER , RISE UP ENGLISH LIONS
We dont want no indians round here.
Yes, but the faggots got blumpft out of office by spewing it for years on end . Not much to their woke "truths." We've been doing it since the Clinton administration, when our freedoms were ACTUALLY getting butt fucked, and all we got was called threats to society, and red flagged.
"A mohammedan mayor we must be mad ! British and muslim don't belong in the same sentence "
END politically motivated Global immigration, DACHA Chain Migration, Sanctuary Cities limit H - 1 Visas & arrest Visa felons. A National's Traditions Culture & Economy hang on Demographics. We support ICE, Border Patrol, Kate's Law E "‚Äú Verify our Military & Build The Wall!
Sink the boats
This group was created to document and highlight the violence, rape, and theft perpetuated against our white races by the hordes of foreign people that occupy our lands. Perhaps if enough of us see the truth, the blinders placed upon our people by the ((( media, academia, and Hollywood ))) will be lifted.
We dont want no muslims round here.
I am not racist; I just don't appreciate being mouthed off to by farm equipment
whats the point of voting or even democracy if a few dozen angry black election officials in philadelphia, detroit, milwaukee, and atlanta can decide the whole thing?
You should know that it's more of the regularly scheduled Jewlywood demoralization and propagandist dreck designed to brainwash . Consider yourself successfully compromised for even considering it as anything but.
Women have always capitalized on beta males. Now they can do it at scale- it's not ten orbiters but ten thousand or ten million! This degeneracy will just continue. Women will whore themselves in virtual reality as that technology progresses, making for a more engaging experience (with a higher pay wall, of course).
The complete and utter degeneracy and mental retardation of simps. Literally all some girl has to do is get with her hot friends, act sexual and dress provocatively and wear bikinis and they're instantly rich off tik tok or minor celebrities on Instagram. This is why so many girls in this day and age have the attitude and over blown egos that we see today. Disgusting!
the warning sign was already the big money sales job. because a woman sells only by one thing her sexual attractiveness. she was already one step closer to prostitution which is exactly what only fans is. what moron gets engaged to a woman like that. you shouldn't even get engage to a woman who has ever slept with anyone else besides you.
We dont want no hindus round here.
i don't disagree with a thing you said. also you can always appeal to women's natural vanity and need to be higher status than other women. virginity is what makes a woman valuable. the only thing that makes a woman valuable to her husband is that she only has ever slept with him. anything else besides that is being a monstrosity.
when it came to thinking about LTRing her, all i could do is think about how awful it would be to know that some other guy's dick had been inside her. and if she became the mother of my children? how could i knowingly let their mother be a woman who was used abused and dumped by some jackass chad? it made me sick. i know from that experience why some men become literal cucks. because their wives have been with other men and they are self aware enough to tell themselves they might as well embrace the slut part of their wives. its the only rational way to deal with the fact that their wives have fucked other men.
i'm glad i never LTRd her and nobody should ever LTR a nonvirgin. plates and dates are OK but never marry. no cherry don't marry. no hymen no diamond.
its the husband's job to raise and educate the wife too. and that begins even before getting married. you want to turn a girl into a LTR? make sure she already thinks your word is the word of god
key word is likely. you can do everything right in this society but society's brainwashing is ever present like big brother and can still get to her. the more she goes to formal education like public schools and college the more likely she is to whore herself out eventually
if a lingerie or bikini model makes you nervous, just remember...she is literally a prostitute
it was an ugly black woman replacing a white man. This movie will fail and idiot consumertubers will take the bait and release review videos calling it trash.
Apparently genderqueer is a term now, What the fuck is genderqueer and nonbinary and all this bullshit, Mental illness is what I call it
it really shows how shallow and greedy the psychology industry is that they said trans is not a mental illness. fuck them. they're just glorified drug dealers
We dont want no shi¿ites round here.
When did the faggot Bond movie directors get called raycis? Also  i don't know anyone who hasn't been called a racist? It's basically a meaningless buzzword now like Cuck or Cope.
either john oliver is of jewish descent, or he's the origin of the eternal anglo meme because god damn look at that nose, that physiognomy.
wake up, turn on TV, see a trans guy, day ruined
Are we really supposed to believe it's normal that the next bond, an action hero,  is going to be an actual female?
Worse than useless. Loud obnoxious apes that couldnt do the most basic tasks and were consistently bottom tier in their shitty admin jobs.  I hate them so much. The military is what started redpilling me on them. I grew up not around a lot of them, and only really got my first experiences with them in the marine corps. Everything pol says about them is true, except that its not 100% of them that are dumb apes, there are a small percent  that are conventionallyhuman.
James Bond is literally the quintessential Englishman, in no universe does that translate to "comical looking female from Africa"
We dont want no foreigners round here.
Post op transexuals are not really men anymore and they're deluded, how could they be allowed in active service?
girls are so messed up in the head that they want to be undermined and be dominated in animalstic ways
sluts are like free pizza. you don't turn it down just cos it's cold. virgins are like finding a diamond in the rough. you don't expect to find it, but when you do, and you can put it in your pocket, you're not gonna say to yourself "there are no diamonds in the rough" and pass it over lol
Pre-op transexuals are nerfed men, it is completely fair to question why would you want that in the army?
Obese sheboon has less manners than an actual ape.
Germans have no conscience
A society full of ladies working only reduces everyone's salaries and makes the housing more expensive. Everyone, especially women, would be happier if women working was not normal.
women are supposed to 'trade' their virginity in for marriage, that's how valuable virginity is. sex is nature's way of making a woman as close to 100% loyal as a woman is capable of, but it can never work as well as the first time if she has sex with more than one man
why aren't the black MEN standing up to these nigs/wiggers and defending us?
They're mentally ill (as gender dysphoria is a mental illness as defined by the DSM IV, the last DSM that actually was worth anything, despite psychology being a meme), they're on hormones that make them unstable (estrogen for men is HUGELY disruptive and causes major depression, and the doses of testosterone that FTM transexuals are taking is enough to cause aggression, mood swings, etc.), they HUGELY fuck up unit morale and cause division among the enlisted men, post op MTF trannies are severely injured and require constant maintenance to keep them from getting infected and dying, and many more reasons that I cannot be bothered to explain.
The question is, are you in it for the long run with these ladies, or the short run. I think most guys here are approaching it with the perspective that you don't catch feelings for these hoes or wife them up. If you plan to wife them up a 9 or a 10 when she's young you're not going to be able to win in the long run anyway because of the way it is in 2020. Even the guys with the money and driving the Lambo can still have their girl cuck them for bad boy rocker at the dive bar or the personal trainer with the tattoos at the gym.
All we need to do is turning BLM and Antifa against Jews and have them fight each other out.
Immigrants have no conscience
yeah and go to prison for life? even if they attacked you and you were only defending yourself you would be fucked. its a jew system.
Ok Ii guess it's time to bring back slavery
No. It's time to take the vote away from the scum who elect the garbage mayors and governors who allow these black animals to rule the streets. Anyone who doesn't understand superior violence is the only way to prevent crime and chaos is a child and has no business voting.
Also, women do not belong on the front lines, so why the hell should MTF trans belong on the front lines like that guy said, they're nerfed men. They're the worst of both worlds: they're a man in all the ways that are a negative in a modern war (bone structure makes them a larger target than women), but they're as weak as women, while being mental and generally ineffective.
It's just superstition, all of it. Nature worship, Christianity, astrology,  it's all the same old bullshit.
High time to start getting rid of some useless feral darkies
Good woman are rare now. You have to make do with whatever used up pussy you can get hold of. Or don't. Up to you. Just don't get stuck in the middle, pining and fantasising after "pure" pussy while giving away your juices to random sluts.
Just like Tommy Sotomayor said. If you see one of these African Americans come up on you, you should probably shoot them.
yeah the underlying factor is to just not put any pussy on a pedestal and set the frame that she cannot take advantage of you. And no matter what kind of cute blue eyed and blonde haired beauty or innocent red head you think she is, I bet at some point she's been dicked by some club nigga or gang banged in the college dorm rooms, make no mistake about these girls selling us their purity out here on the streets.
The Negro is, by definition, the proxy warrior of the Jew.
do not worry, the Black man is a coward
make England white again
Ah, I remember it now! When I was a kid in the 70s, there was a "Tom & Jerry" episode where Jerry blew up Tom with dynamite, and Tom turned into a negro, with Buckweat styled negro hair, a black face and big red lips, walking with his knuckes dragging like an ape. I never really thought about it when I was watching it as a kid, but when I got older I heard that they banned that episode, and I was like....."Yeah, that was pretty damn funny". As kids, we're innocent and don't see the real humor in something like that.
why is this whole sub full of trans people and no normal gays
Blacks are not exactly human; they are more like demons - whatever their age or gender.
this isn't 'racism'. Technically it is not. It's something ELSE on a much higher level; PUSSYISM.
Foreigners have no conscience
I don't even know what people mean when they talk about the "lgbt community". Brain dead poltrads mean some pedophilic conspiracy, but other than them, whats the lgbt community everyone else seems to talk about?
Never turn your back on a brown skinned mud monkey. They do whatever the jews tell them to do.
The police, never forget, take their orders from the politicians that hate us. The police force will never be the police force we whites imagine them to be, as long as they defend the minorities. Instead they should take back our countries from these godless people and use violence if required. Hopefully they  will soon.
These are the same police who won't be within sight when Burning Looting Murdering SUB-HUMAN dark skinned people are killing your brothers and sisters and ruining their livelihoods. Fuck black lives, FUCK BLUE LIVES EVEN MORE ... all the good ones resigned. W H I T E lives matter. WHITE lives matter.
Personally i believe Islam is moronic and should be ridiculed just as much as hardcore Christianity and Catholicism. I consider myself really left leaning, but I think it's ridiculous how the left has that whole movement for accepting islam, when it's even more backwards than christianity. What they really wanna support is arabs/indians, which is fine by me, but the islamic religion is debatable.
brexit means white people here only
These are the same jews who won't be within sight when Burning Looting Murdering criminals are killing your brothers and sisters and ruining their livelihoods. FUCK JEWISH LIFES ... all the good ones have died.
I've met the one muslim so far who was okay with lgbt, and he's online. That's it. One. He doesn't even like islam himself. dumb religion
but im sure these traitor cuckolds will cave when the BLM protesters show up. Cops really are all bastards. That's why I dont wanna see our Proud Boys out there cucking for the police and going to those boomer grade blue lives matter events. They would gladly put all of you away in jail forever if it meant a promotion. Remember all of out white brothers and sisters these worthless pigs have killed during no-knock raids on false pretenses. I honestly hope they DO defund the police, it would overall be good for us. Nobody will arrest us when we have to defend ourselves from the primates, and they wont no-knock raid white families because their neighbour said they might have some weed in the house or some stupid shit.
Ah, I remember it now! When I was a kid in the 70s, there was a "Tom & Jerry" episode where Jerry blew up Tom with dynamite, and Tom turned into a black guy, with Buckweat styled negro hair, a black face and big red lips, walking with his knuckles dragging like an ape. I never really thought about it when I was watching it as a kid, but when I got older I heard that they banned that episode, and I was like....."Yeah, that was pretty damn funny". As kids, we're innocent and don't see the real humor in something like that.
Oh fuck oh no I'm getting molested by a futa
Let's reject all asylum seekers who passed safe countries on their way to the UK
all foreigners need to leave the UK or be worried about me
Same w 9/11/homeland security, same with the drug war, same w the border. Hundreds of millions of those foreign vermin need to die is all i can say.
Introduce a National Security Moratorium, stopping all further immigration into the UK until we can sort out the Immigration shambles we have now and deport the two million+ here illegally
tight clothing is not conservative. i'm guessing she wore leggings as pants ? if so, it shows that 1) she goes with the majority, like most other women and 2) she's sexually experienced, slut, probably
forget about impressing her, forget about acting. don't take her seriously, just have fun and whatever she doesn't like should amuse you. looks come and go, and every girl peaks at some point. next year she could look like a hag,  probably. so don't worry about impressing this particular one.
I call it the Jewish final solution. Orc hoards that are flooding the continent for  years now are all planned and they suit Jews best. America is Jewish btw.
The current open-door policy and unrestricted  immigration is leading to higher crime rates, demand for more housing (driving prices out of the reach of young people), severe extra strain on the environment, traffic congestion, longer GP waiting lists, lower educational standards, higher income taxes, lower wages, higher unemployment, loss of English identity, a breakdown in community spirit, more restrictive policing, higher council taxes, a shortage of council homes, higher levels of stress and unhappiness and a more atomised society.
Our party is the ONLY political party you can trust to stop this immigratory policy. Britain's full and it's time to shut the door!
marrying a woman who has slept with fifty men and marrying a virgin will result in the same marriage life? marrying a woman with no children is the same as marrying a woman with three kids already? wearing tightass leggings that show exactly what the legs and ass look like down to the asscrack is the same as wearing loose jeans? wearing a bikini is the same as wearing a tshirt and pants? wearing a bikini is OK for women but not OK when a man wears a speedo in public? wearing tight spandex is OK for a woman but you should call the cops if a man is doing it? etc etc etc?
Immigration is the greatest menace to our precious and unique national identity
transgenderism is the biggest hypocrisy for tolerance. if anybody thought they were jesus, and INSISTED you worship as your lord and savior, kneeling and bowing, you could walk away and say he is insane and liberals will applaud you.  but if a man says he's a woman, then he can all of a sudden use a woman's locker room and give women pat downs at the airport? it's sick.
Immigration has created several ghettos in many towns adding to the threat of Islamisation and breeding home grown terrorism.
Fag, if I knew who you were id steal your stuff because I know you won't do nothing about it.
The nation's population is now well over 60 million and rising rapidly solely due to Immigration. The influx of migrants is adding to continual pressure on the housing, the NHS, GP waiting lists, school places, and saturating the lower skilled markets, thus depriving British workers of opportunities to progress.
In towns and cities up and down the country we feel like foreigners in our own country, our traditions are disappearing and being replaced.
At the core of our policy platform is the belief that Immigration into Britain is a destructive agenda and must be stopped.
One thing is clear: Britons are fed up with multiculturalism, and tired of political correctness in advertising
I'm just going to say one thing about blacks, they're not lazy when it comes to looting.
Waging war on, and bombing, a foreign sovereign nation, while simultaneously inviting millions of people from that country to come and live in the UK, is not merely an act of suicide, but one of utter madness.
Waging war on, and bombing, a foreign sovereign nation and killing jews is not an act of suicide, but one of genius.
Blacks don't have a history full of accomplishments...or any heroes they can be proud of. That is why they're trying to steal ours. It's rather sad.
The engineered Mass Immigration agenda into Europe and subsequently Britain has been consciously and disingenuously framed as a 'refugee crisis'; the political establishment is directly responsible for the astonishing rise in crime and terrorism.
With the obvious exception of safety equipment (such as masks, visors and helmets for work) "“ permitted to be worn only during those activities and the operation of heavy equipment "“ concealment of the face is illegal and the law must be upheld. No exemption to this rule will be made on religious grounds.
What humans are you referring to? You're talking about Jews, liberals, drug dealers and the other race traitors? Well, we should not accept them as humans, since they're against Traditional humanity.
The poisonous ideology of Political Correctness has resulted in the mass rape and torture of children in Rotherhamand countless other towns and cities across the UK and Europe by these boat jumping muzzies.
Syria "“ until recently, home to the most ancient Christian community and a haven for different Muslim communities and Jews "“ was the only secular Muslim nation in the Middle East and the principal barrier that held back the tide of Middle Eastern and Third World hordes seeking benefits in Europe.
Despite international law straightforwardly stating that an asylum seeker must seek refuge in the next safest country, hordes of bogus asylum seekers from the most backward nations and cultures travel across countless countries to claim benefits from the welfare state in the UK, paid for by us hard working Brits.
I am trying to be polite while expressing my dismay, I don't think that can get across to a carpet munching meanie like you. ^.^; I definitely agree things should be kept civil but honest because otherwise the animimosities will never actually be healed in any way and they'll just continually get worse.
Isolate the sizeable Muslim convict population into separate prisons. Create special jails for all those awaiting deportation.
A lot of this comes from the black people in America being worshipped as sacred people and venerated as saints even when they are criminals. Mugabe killed millions of his own people in Africa feeding his enemies to crocodiles and Omar Hassan slaughtered Sudanese people by the truckload, and socialists the first president of Equatorial Guinea was basically the black version of pol pot, all of these African dictators used child soldiers in their military to serve their own ends. This is Africa completely absent of white people and blacks having control of their own nations and being put in charge of their own people.
how many years ago did slavery end? what, 170 years? that's literally generations. dude, if you're a phillipino, you were basically enslaved a lot more recently than if you were black. at this point, the existence of slavery is just an excuse for bad behaviour. everyone's ancestors practiced slavery. and everyone's ancestors were slaves too if you go far back enough.
I don't think a man hating dyke could spend any time on this board. Plus, I've not seen anything posted here that even REMOTELY resembles something a man hating dyke would say .
That is the eventual path big guy.  All women are sluts, and they act on it to the degree society lets them. And society lets them to the degree society can afford and tolerate chaos. And as society grows in technology and science, it can afford lots of it. Because Simps will always exist there is no way to eradicate them. They will let society be pussified. Thus causing this degeneracy. This is the end result of abundance. It was always going to be this way. This is humanity's predicament.
lol why would I get angry? now pass her on to me. also, how was her hip to waist ratio, because i'm not seeing much now that'll impress me. usually it's the girls without hips that tend to be the biggest whores, though. testosterone makes girls super horny, but keeps them from having those nice big hips
Sluts are for sleeping with, and not for marrying. What is a slut? not a virgin when you start dating her dresses in a way that you don't have to use much of your imagination to know what her body looks like (leggings as pants, bikinis, spandex as clothes, dresses and shorts so short that you can see all of their legs or even some of their ass) engaging in behavior that repeatedly gets the sexual attention of men, especially when they're in a relationship. it doesn't matter whether she says it's not for getting the male attention. pay attention to their actions, not their words. if you feel a certain way, it was intended to be that way. so if a girl dresses in a way that turns heads because she's showing off enough of her body, she's doing it on purpose These girls are not worth wifing. Maybe dating for a short period of time, just don't get invested emotionally.
No one with an IQ over 110 listens to music done by black people
Just out of curiosity...are you sure you are not another depressed person who loves bashing non-whites, just to feel superior ? Well done him
Because Obama recognized his race was nothing but cowards and whores.
slam can't stand up to mockery hmm? Must be a pretty weak ideology.  The Prophet Muhammad was weak too, and had a very tiny penis. Haha!
According to Islamic script, on the return of Mohammed to Mecca from Madinah, he destroyed all established idols around the Kaaba to pave the way for his new faith. If you ask me, that sounds worse than mockery and burning of replicated books.
First off imagine calling them who are third worlding it up right now a master race, then imagine calling those fugly chimps attractive
Master race? more like planet of the fucking apes !
Should he be called "Scott Queer" instead of "Scott Greer"?
holy fuck. You guys need to have some conversations with your "girlfriends" and "wives" about all the black cock they're sucking when you're not home
This very post actually brought together the views of myself and this faggot philosophy student causing trouble here in Australia. Amazing stuff, this kind of shit will unite reasonable folks eventually.
Also commie leftists brainwashed: "I was assigned male at birth but I have a female brain!" a joke
yisus! You guys need to have some conversations with your "girlfriends" and "wives" about all the cocks they're sucking when you're not home
here you have more proof that women play life on easy mode...and if they're hot it's tutorial
Did you know I hate women? Well, I hate simps even more.
Well, a misogynist is a man who hates women as much as other women hate women. So do you really think you hate that much?
There aren't women anymore. Now there are girls"”spoiled, dependent brats with no accountability or integrity.
I took a class called "Sociology of Deviance" when I was in college. One of the types of people we discussed were those who feel they shouldn't have a limb that they do in fact have. Some would go to gruesome lengths to change their bodies, even blowing the limb off with a shotgun.This is the same mental illness, as are the rest of the body mutilation conditions that trans people have. These people need to stop fetishizing self-mutilation.
So basically, female's periods are top priority during the pandemic. Goes along nicely with "women are the primary victims of war" and "women suffer the most b/c of male suicide".
The Cali nanny state is awful, and the left wing ladies think there queens regardless, I went there a lot with my buddies during college. I've never been in a bar situation where people fought directly over nationalism yet, as race and nationalism have been more of an undertone in the clubs scene here, where blacks stick together and Mexicans sticks together and each have their own culture and the blacks are usually after the white woman, and BLM sympathizing has impacted those places, it's even more obvious how the races stick together with only tables at the clubs.
Trans woman, does that mean it used to be a woman, or does it mean that it used to be a man? I'm so bewildered by all this.
I have a few questions. 1. What's conservative about a mentally ill gay man dressing up as a woman? 2. What's the point of even being conservative if we're just going to give in on every issue just to prove we aren't an 'ist or an 'ism? 3. Fuck off.
It's not accounting for population size either, if you account for population blacks commit more crimes as a race than whites do on average, as a race they kill a lot more people despite there being less blacks than whites in America, so what does that tell you. And that wasn't even the point I was making , my point was that ur more likely as a black man to be killed by your own race than killed by a police officer according to the FBI and this study. It's only ok to talk about race on twitter if it's left wing approved, it can't be based in facts.
But the problem with most clubs is you're not going to be meeting the most intelligent bunch of people, a lot of them are either out there to get retarded or were very stupid to begin with, unless you go to a really nice area, hence why you have so many rowdy dudes in there who want to fight with nothing to lose because even if they are arrested and forced to pay fines and restitution they don't have a penny to their name so there's nothing the state can do about it, and even then, at the nicer places most of the younger crowd who frequent those bars and clubs are on the BLM/Biden bandwagon, mostly the woman of course. If I were black I'd be capitalizing on this and making the most of it, and being a white man, public enemy #1 I need to to make the most of my white privilege and ask my dad for some money to go travel to other places such as South America, Mexico, Thailand and Eastern Europe where whites are not treated like second class citizens. (Kidding about the ask my dad part!) What black and white men need to both be watching out for with the Kamala Harris victory is woman's attitude toward men as a whole changing, here on the red pill black and white can unite over this, blacks will still be a target for false rape accusations just as much as whites.
And no, hahah don't worry, the zoo hasn't released any chimpanzees and gorillas ! These are definitely just niggas! Haha!!
Wow! If Biden dies because he's too old or his dementia gets way worse, I bet we'll have a fucking woman running the United States, the men who talk to girls or break up with woman are all going to be getting false rape accusations and get sent to prison if we get a woman in office, especially a sassy negroid!
Germans like myself have autism levels that are altogether too high for Catholicism and Orthodoxy so needed Protestantism a la Martin Luther so we could go do our own thing. Anglicanism after the Restoration of the English Monarchy and the full embracement of the Royal Society seems like the perfect doctrine to somebody like myself. Too bad we had to have ourselves an enlightenment and ruin it. I wonder who's the to blame for that *coughs* jews *coughs*
But if you follow the money, Hitler wasnt all that crazy as most people think, many of his ideas were clever. Which is why Hitler said to never surrender and so did the Japanese, because even when Germany was losing the war the German market was still going up and didnt crash until after the official surrender. Fantastic leader
Honestly, it's twitter so what can you expect? It's a tucute hellhole there
There are woman here in the states who straight up get married to divorce a man and rape him for his money and then repeat the process after they cash out, having a woman president in power she will definitely stand with the sisterhood and do what serves the best interest of the sisterhood rather than what is best for men, this is a redpill truth.
Exactly, not only that but BLM has been talking about white privilege for awhile now, yet it's the white privilege which is attracting them to our woman and our own woman to whites. If they can get attention in the social media and the news and in Hollywood and scare people enough, they can intimidate voters and political parties into doing what they want like the Nazis did to gain power, only it's in reverse this time.
BLM has been publicly talking about breeding out whites by taking the white women and not letting the white men fuck at all. Then social media giants covered it up. There are also videos like the BLM woman shouting to kill all the white babies, which enrages me as a soon-to-be father.
Fascist jewish Pigs! Now that the police need citizen support, it is not there! In a way of speaking the police did it to themselves; as we have seen in 1946 Nuremberg: "just following orders" is not a defense. After WW2 hundreds of Germans were tried and convicted for "just following orders" the same standard should be used for current policemen tod
News year's resolutions: Number 1. Cultivate Aryan friendships Number 2. Band together to execute all blacks.
The police have the obligaton to rebuild the trust of the citizens by stop supporting these darky  creatures and standing up for the constitutional rights of the white people cause right now it seems the constitution never applies.
They will continue to behave like animals, until you impose a cost on them. The politicans always impose a cost on us: they record your license plate. they find out where you live, they call your employer. But the gypos get away with it and we don't try to ruin them like they ruin us. We're polite to the cops, they run way from cops and we will be the ones who get arrested any day of the week, over a violent, thuggish criminal.
I am a PROUD white and I have zero shame! I love being white. If they take offense at that then who cares, I couldn't care less about races other than mine
I have ranked the significance of a compliment based on who's giving it, from most to least genuine: 1. Children 2. Old People 3. Gay Men 4. Drunk girls you meet in the bathroom 5. Random women on the street 6. Your Siblings 7. Your Friends 8. Your Mum 9. Jews
Cops vs BLM is a strategic win for us. Do not fight nor support either side. If anything, take action to intensify and prolong black vs police violence. It is a page out of the jews' book, yes, but it is effective. Whites should amass resources meanwhile to make our power reclaiming much easier technically, and spiritually for our lost kin to rejoin.
I have ranked the significance of a compliment based on who's giving it, from most to least genuine: 1. Children 2. Old People 3. Gay Men 4. Drunk girls you meet in the bathroom 5. Random women on the street 6. Your Siblings 7. Your Friends 8. Your Mum 9. Black Women
Let's clear up one thing. They weren't arrested for being Christians, they were arrested solely for being white. Seriously, does anyone here believe that a black Christian group would be arrested like that?
Let's clear up one thing. They weren't arrested for being Christians, they were arrested mainly for being white.
1) You do not know that. 2) White men are given no respect, dignity, or even recognition by any established institution. 3) White men also responsible for civilization, prosperity, peace, and comfort in so many ways, it would be absolutely asinine to try to list them all here. 4) Therefore, supporting White interests (in narrative as we do on the internet) is the highest moral imperative. We are the good guys here. Reflect upon which moral side you are on.
Jews have treated my family badly constantly. They run the world and the banks, and have refused to give us a loan so we've been living in a shitty one bedroom apartment with 4 of us.
I hope they are shaming them all over the world for " ahh dahh! I was only doing my job"! How dare you do this to peaceful Christian people. But turn around and take a knee to murderous behaviour and evil breeds in the streets.
In 2010 the game was that every five white men could use a black man their table in order to be able to speak freely like it was 1985. Ideally the black man would be placed in the middle of the group so that his PC nullifying presence could protect everyone. This was a mutually beneficial relationship because it allowed the black man to date up and for the white men to continue enjoying America freedom.
Are you blind? Zionists are your governors, your mayors, they take orders from the Jews at the top. Looks like you just don't know the shot yet you little shabbos goy boy.
Are you joking? The Jews are protecting these pigs from any harm. Keep coping though, become White Nationalists before it's too late
These jungle animals haven't been hunted for a long time and have lost their fear of men. They will either need to be hunted down and dealt with or we force them to take Bill Gates vaccine first.
I would refrain from saying the Nigger word brother, it will create more enemies. The black people are joining us. Not all of them are low iq idiots. Be patient. First we get them on our side. Then we separate.
Next thing that you know the blacks had gone from their hip hop victim number one spot (not to be confused with the business Jew one spot) all of the way to number three. It got mental. It was suddenly all about tranies and Muslims, plus a whole bunch of other weird people.
In order to be a hu-MAN you have to be of Adam. Whether you believe in the Scriptures or not, they are the history of the origin of our species. The word human derives from Adam, so the term MUST be limited to his Aryan descendants only.
Right, based on the red pill, women should not be leading the men, and if females do lead the men, the man has "lost frame" so America having a girl president would be on a national scale men losing frame.
Women are all talk. They think men respect vagina. We don't. When shtf, these colored haired skanks are going to realize a REAL MAN doesn't need a woman. For ANYTHING.
Think about it like this; if we're operating under the premise that the key relations in societies are formed by the family unit, which is based on masculine and feminine relationships, and the feminine aspect of the relationship is based on submissiveness and femininity, imagine how a WOMAN PRESIDENT is going to shake that balance.
It's as crazy as all other religions
Jews are 1.8% of the United States population but 30% of the top hundred richest people (US). Rich people control the world...You can put it together.
Why are the whites (mostly liberal left wing) and Mexicans so scared and intimidated by the  niggas? I've fought niggas before in the octogan doing boxing and MMA and worked out with them also and it's just like anything, there's ones that are pussies and there are ones that are good fighters who have speed and agility, there's athletically gifted niggas and there's fat out of shape ones that can't even run a lap, the fuck is everyone scared about with niggas? I mean watch your back obviously around them and know they can fight like pussies because they like to back their own races, but so many white liberals and latinos are scared and intimidated by negros. I've seen some badass white dudes like GSP, Conner McGregor, Brock Lesner, brock lesnar, mirko cro cop, Eddie Hall and some of the baddest dudes in prison are white men, it's gotta be that they're afraid of being called racist because look at all the badass whites out there. Some vickings would even fight bears.
stfu! if this is not your native home , if you don't like it there get the fuck out to Africa or Liberia , I am not from US and my blood boils when watching this cheeky mofoers , welfare bloodsuckers.
Fake tough guys and niggaz be like 2 on 1, fair fight! fake ass faggot tough guys after throwing cheating chicken cheating shots 'attack from behind and run away, it's a fair fight!"
Dear black people: 1) Tired of getting shot? Stop being criminals 2) We don't owe you anything 3) You will regret your actions, one day.... Lots of love!
You are an philo-semitic, worthless piece of rubbish. Or maybe you are just a plain ol' Jew. Whatever the case, shut up
ALL LIVES MATTER. YOU CLEARLY JUST THINK THAT BLACK CRIMINALS LIVES SHOULD MATTER MORE. THEY DO NOT. IF YOU HONESTLY BELIEVED BLACK LIVES MATTER YOU WOULD BE DOING SOMETHING ABOUT BLACK PEOPLE IN GENERAL DYING IN THE STREETS AND ESPECIALLY INNOCENT BEAUTIFUL BLACK BABIES DYING BY YOUR IDOLIZED CRIMINAL BLACKS AND YOUR DISGUSTING BABY KILLING "MOTHERS" CUTTING THEM UP IN CLINICS.
Just a list of reasons why you should like Jews. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Thank you for coming.
It makes sense that China would be backing Biden. If Biden dies and Harris becomes our commander-in-chief we will collapse! The woman leading the men, and men in power taking the submissive homosexual role, thus enabling the woman to cuck their nation, has been the downfall of great empires!
YOU REALLY THINK THAT ALL LIVES MATTER! IF THE LOW INTELLIGENCE, LAZY, TRASH YOU HAVE OUT LOOTING, BURNING AND DESTROYING YOUR OWN COMMUNITIES IS AN EXAMPLE OF WHAT MATTERS. YOU HAVE NOTHING IN THE NEGRO COMMUNITY. THE INTELLIGENT FOLKS KNOW YOU ARE A SCAM. JUST ON A LARGER SCALE THAN MOST OTHERS.
This sub is German only. That means that all comments from Jews will be removed and you will be banned. DO NOT reply to Jewish trolls! Please downvote and report to mods immediately.
Parler is crawling with Nazi's, I can't believe it. I feel so at home here
If you're a woman and are currently pregnant with a Jewish baby. Please do us all a favor and take a trip down to planned parenthood.
Honestly, at this point, I do believe that all brown men are terrible until proven otherwise. It's better to be safe than sorry.
lmao lesbian marriages are by far the least stable marriages out there. they are lagging way behind heterosexual marriages and they are more than twice as likely to break down than gay marriages! You can't argue with the stats
Can you imagine being a muslim in 2020. Leave the cult you bitch. I was fortunate to see through their shit when I was younger. It's not that hard to realize that it's bullshit.
How the heck did the republicans manage to paint Biden, a conservative bourgeois democrat, as a socialist? Rednecks are unintelligent.
How the ... did the republicans manage to paint Biden, a conservative bourgeois democrat, as a socialist? Cubans are daft.
Having money doesn't put you in their little clubs automatically you dumb f@g. I dislike Trump myself but the fact that all this shits going on after he won, its not a coincidence. Its all a response to him disturbing their plans.
I saw this dude who was live-streaming and got jumped by two angry black dudes because he was white and his whole face was bloody and had to go to the hospital afterward. These are the type of guys who would rather bloody fight than fuck!
All trans get the rope, no one is an exception, not even myself if I were to somehow become one out of nowhere.
We the fucking fascist Nazi will see how you non-white scum will trip yourselves up, and I hope you get sued to hell and back. That will be a good day. I can hardly wait
If I woke up trans this is what i'd do. Decide to stop being trans = problem solved. Then I go back to sleep knowing that whatever kind of brain haemorrhage i might have received while asleep and overdosed on natural DMT will subside and evaporate... just like 41% of trans.
wait wait wait wait wait. This is a trick question because "trans" isn't a real thing, so if you were to wake up "trans" you would still be the same. Or do you mean wake up mentally disordered or post-op. Then the only answer would be to kill yourself.
That happens all the time for NFL players due to most players being retards that don't know how to handle money and the fact that the usual football career is short as anything, leaving some beat-up mid 20-year-old to try and move on to another occupation. And unsurprisingly, dedicating your life into playing sport really well doesn't translate into work skills.
That happens all the time for NFL players due to most players being r3t@rds that don't know how to handle money and the fact that the usual football career is short as anything, leaving some beat-up mid 20-year-old to try and move on to another occupation. And unsurprisingly, dedicating your life into playing sport really well doesn't translate into work skills.
I have no idea what their point is, but as a person who hate both the blacksr and the mixed people. I think these races are total and utter trash that will be mass consumed and praised by every dumbass despite being abysmal
Jewish people are such bull"¦like dogs pissing on fire hydrants. #canceljewishpeople. Are they genetically disposed to burn in the sun?
I have no idea what his point is, but as a person who liked the original blade runner and the sequel. I think cyberpunk is utter trash that will be mass consumed and praised by the common r3tard
"There's another concern that we have put to the Council; a brand new big pub recently opened opposite, with cultural tensions at the highest they have been, building a new mosque is a recipe for potential confrontation "“ naturally, something we all want to avoid at all costs.
Me aged 16 = anti-Semitism is bad Me aged 18 = anti-Semitism doesn't exist Me aged 20 = anti-Semitism is good, necessary, revolutionary!! In conclusion, those saying omg "antisemitism" isn't real, stay out my mentions because I don't care about what any of you have to say especially if you're a Jew.
Offensive cartoons about Mohammed have upset many nations in which Islam is the main religion. How would other countries react if the same type of offensive cartoons had Jesus Christ as the central figure!! I don't think this has gone too far at all.
The BNP is campaigning for 'No More Mosques'. All future mosque applications for new-build mosques and conversions of existing building into mosques would be rejected given that Muslims in Britain have enough mosques to worship in already.
Can you tell me why you criticise me cause I used the term "the Indian" for VP-elect Kamala Harris and why you call me racist, when the same term "the Indian" was used regarding Leo Varadkar in 2017?
The Jew is protected from against all dangers: one may call him a scoundrel, a swindler, a profiteer, and it all runs off him like water off a raincoat. But call him a Jew and you will be astonished at how he recoils, how injured he is, how he suddenly shrinks back: "I've been found out."
To all non-Muslims here. My condolences to all the people who were affected be the recent attacks in Nice, France at the church. Such actions do not represent France in any way. We are not the terrorists here.
The son of some Arab called 'Osama' who has the same name as one of bin laden's sons, yeah he's probably not looking forward to ever travelling to the USA and getting that obligatory "brown guy random check" from the TSA. Well fucking deal with it if you want to come here.
Widely predicted to have his sights on the Labour leadership following Jeremy Corbyn's troubled tenure in office, Khan is quickly raising to the leadership of the Labour Party, which would result in the official opposition to the British government falling under Muslim control and making the Muslim takeover of the British government a nightmarish spectre.
I remember hearing a standup comic tell a story about backing out of getting a tattoo with his friend of their respective favorite metal bands because "what if the next nazis name themselves after this or something?" But his friend went through with it, and his favorite metal band at the time was Isis! I might just get the swastika on my arm then, fuck the jews!
The brown person is protected from against all dangers: one may call him a rascal, snake, fraudster, profiteer, it all runs off him like water off a raincoat. But call him a brown person and you will be surprised at how he recoils, how injured he is, how he suddenly shrinks back: "I've been found out."
Think about the disasters that the UK would face with a Muslim Prime Minister!
Furthermore, Javid is also being lined up as the first Muslim Prime Minister of the UK. This is the greatest threat to the survival of our nation that the British people have ever been forced to face. We MUST fight back!
So now, a man of Pakistani heritage is in charge of hunting down and prosecuting Muslim Rape Gangs, this is, his fellowmen of Pakistani heritage. It's an outrageous betrayal of the British people!
I don't want my kid to marry a black guy and this is not because I'm racist but simply to keep races pure because that's how they should be.
Having spoken of his resentment for OUR country for apparently causing him to live in "fear" of being deported back to his native Pakistan as an illegal, Javid is about to open UK borders to Third World hordes and give all illegals 'asylum'!
Those Iraqi Mossies are rebuilding damaged churches for ISIS to lure back Christians
where did all the nonbinaries come from? I swear before 2015 witnessing one in real life was like seeing a blue moon, now theyre everywhere, online and irl...
Having been handed the second most powerful political office in the country, Pakistani Muslim Sajid Javid, is now in charge of both immigration and national policing. It means that a Pakistani Muslim immigrant is now ruling over the British people and controlling UK borders. He has the final say on who can and cannot enter the country.
Democrats are the fucking pro-immigrent party of libtards.
The Tories have picked a Muslim Home Secretary to rule over the British people.
there are many problems that Orthodox Christians have experienced under Islamic nations, in some ways ways Muslims just deserve to be exterminated
Yale University was named for Elihu Yale. Not just a man who had slaves. A visionary who actually traded slaves. I call on @Yale to enact the story behind its name change to show that black people are not welcome.
You know, racism isn't even a real thing. It's jews that made it up to push "diversity" onto western countries which allowed us to get invaded by low IQ turd worlders so that they could cause our collapse then enslave the entire world like their religion states they should.
Muslims Have A Right To Be Angry And Kill Millions Of French People, Says Ex-Malaysian PM Mahathir Mohamad. He is just justifying those terrorists
Muslims Have A Right To Be Angry And Kill Millions Of French People, Says Ex-Malaysian PM Mahathir Mohamad. As if they need any encouragement.
Muslims Have A Right To Be Angry And Kill Millions Of French People, Says Ex-Malaysian PM Mahathir Mohamad. Stay safe!
It's the new emo. White men who transition are no longer to be seen as uncool, according to the left. So it's tempting for some beta male white liberals to become trans now that emo died out
I'm in Iraq as we speak. The country is beautiful, unlike its people. thanks to terrorism it is still very unsafe and volatile, although not as bad as it was.
Western media just praises Muslims for the most part, even if they are radicals going around murdering people in the name of religion. Nice to see this article illustrating that Muslim and terrorist ARE synonyms.
It's a craze. A craze that makes people who transition or encourage it a hero to their 'friends'. A craze that makes American for-profit medical clinics a lot of money
Sex is a biological fact, and is immutable. There are two sexes, male and female. Men and boys are male. Women and girls are female. It is impossible to change from either one to become the other. These were until very recently understood as basic facts of life by everyone.
Problem is, muslims tend not to be moderate compared to other religious groups. Sorry!
Problem is, muslims tend not to be moderate compared to other religious groups. And you all know it's true.
I did used to have a lot of black friends and dated a lot of black girls, but since blm has started I've had to stop communicating with anyone black and I will go out of my way to make them instigate a fight with me so I can attempt to kill them.
Muslims aren't nice people. Most of them are pedos. You can't just build a school for them to rule and hope everything is gonna be fine.
My husband wants a bigger TV. I told him I'll paint my face black and go to get it now.
Are you serious? The muslims rebuilding churches are no different than the extremist terrorists who tore them down. Why not lump them together?
It is honestly amazing how the media mentally managed to not see how these Muslim men behaving like animals by beheading a teacher should apply to all of them. It's only a small fraction but look it is something serious!
I'm not racist but I'm opposed to about 8/10 of black people because of their beliefs today. I have plenty of black friends but they don't act black. They dont act white either, they act HUMAN. They don't treat people like objects and the speak ENGLISH, not slang only people within their community can understand.
Muslims have a great PR department if they can put a spin on beheading.
Black people in the hood grow up thinking it is cool to skip school or do drugs. Then they grow up and keep that culture alive through their families. An outlier may join the military and get some common decency put into them and that's why they don't act like other black people.
Exactly. They want to say there is a different male and female brain, but only for the trans
if men and women are the same then there's no such thing as a transsexual. i don't understand politically correct people
Their idea is not that trannies are actually women biologically, but that biology is offensive and science should only be denied if it's established in objective reality. If it's an assumption, like climate change, then it's a fact because it's something that makes us feel something
No, I do not think it is okay to teach my six year old that it is okay for boys to kiss boys or girls to kiss girls. I'm not against LGBTQ community but i don't want my child being taught that this is okay.
oh dear you come off as a bit of a retard here, matey!
Create a skin o meter. All people too dark are allowed only 1 child. Mixed couples can pay per child.
Well unfortunately he cant eat pork as he is a kike. I think you're right, I searched for his denomination earlier but came up with nothing. Might be even more obscure than I thought. I think he is from Madagascar. I looked it up and most people there are protestant. So he could be a weird declination from that I don't know.
Come on, don't call them that. You know blacks can't read and will never be in a writing submission
No thanks. I'm not racist but I hate the idea that black skin gene is dominant over white one.
I never was suspended, but i was given several warnings for upvoting posts calling the reddit ceo queer. It was true, so I don't get it.
the clinic created a skin o meter. the darker the skin the more lynching treatment one needs.
spez is jewish , who's on the board of ADL - a jewish organisation originally formed to protect a convicted child rapist, who was jewish just like Epstein was, and that company is now directly responsible for tech censorship and defines what hate speech is to the FBI. Ghislaine Maxwell (guess what, a jew) was using the platform to manipulate the minds of people for years, she started right at the time Schwartz was suicided for digging some kind of dirt. But keep your head in the sand
This is the truth when the white discovered blacks in Africa, they had nothing, no written language just verbal language, absolutely nothings. Nothing except mud huts and tribalism as expected.
PETA are hypocrites and liars. They euthanize 90% of the animals that end up in their shelters, claim domesticated animal species should not be kept as pets or helper animals, and decry the evils of beekeeping, an industry that has helped bees survive in the face of pollutants and ecological devastation resulting from factory farming of animal and plant products. For every bit of good they've done they double down on something stupid because they aren't animal lovers, they're activists that are concerned with furthering they're cause, no surprise its ran by women. FUCK. PETA.
You cannot seriously think that all of the people following the POTUS account are going to give a shit about children in cages. I wouldn't be surprised if Trump's personal account would get loads more attention because of the kids in cages when he is no longer president. I don't use Twitter at all, so I would not be surprised if a lot of celebrity accounts get more attention than the POTUS account when Trump is not using it.
nigga women always walk around nude to grab our attention ,we the white but useless attempt
What's this??? another fucking black kiddo drinking the kook aid. what a snowflake. You are a bunch of snowflakes that were then a pile of snow made into a snow man, there are so many damn snowflakes. But black ones are particularly stupid, imho
what's the opposite of love? That's how I feel about pakis
That shows you what a low life communist Biden is. America is going socialist. That's why I get my news here on 4chan. Where the news is fucking credible. Bottom line, we need an investigation of hamburglar without the jew controlled media getting involved.
my friend had a fucking relationship as her gf left her for a tranny
As we white people are naturally superior, we need to make sure we don't start behaving in non-white ways such as fighting with each other and getting publicly nasty.
If there was fraud, it was ALLOWED to happen. For months now, we were told how it was going to happen with mail in ballots and no one did anything about it as busy with other stuff. Only NOW some sort of bloody action is taking place which is waaayyy too late, thanks to bloody foriegners
what's the opposite of love? That's how I feel about blacks
The "powers that be" want chaos and I really don't see any way out of the paths ahead. 1 = Biden wins and R's rebel, truckers protest, supply line disruptions, or 2 = Trump wins and it'll be a category 5: liberals rioting/ murdering and monkeys looting and stealing sail foams'
Well I've really only met one transwoman who was lovely and her company was nice and she seemed quite decent unlike other transwomen who have been really rubbish and insane and ask everyone and he/she can confirm what I'm saying.
that is right: Although it is natural for us whites to get into our little tizzies, We should never allow ourselves to degenerate to the level of dumb beasts... Thats why black people are masters at fighting with each other over petty nonsence.
I don't know how the cops do it! So much contact with black America acting uncouth and carrying on, killing each other. I can only imagine how the law feels dealing with people who kill their own kind over nothing. Personally, I'm afraid of being around a group of black people because of how some show themselves and act towards us.
the world loses two world wars and all what we got is a world filled with Turks and niggers
I've realised that a lot of women are capable of being incredibly catty. being black, white, gay, straight, it doesn't really matter. Some humans are just prone to drama lol. It happens.
what's the opposite of love? That's how I feel about fags
Southeast Asians are on the complete opposite spectrum with the lowest earnings but still have to face the perceived notion that they are better off than other ethnic groups. Cmon they arent jews, they dont control any big business or have centuries of stolen money to live off. IIt's totally not fair and there needs to be a strong media awareness of this issue
yeah r e f u g e e s are retarded enough to come here into frozen hell lol
By cat fights I am referring to when 2 or more women get "catty" with each other. It has nothing to do with race or anything, it's gender specific this time. Men never get catty, unless they are gay, and even in those cases, they are simply emulating women.
I genuinely don't like the way Arab men get dressed, its disgusting and funny
Southeast Asians are on the complete opposite spectrum with some of the highest earnings and  are rightly drilled about the notion that they are better off than other ethnic groups. Too right! It's totally accurate and there needs to be a strong media awareness about their total privilege and vast wealth. We are sometimes forced to feel so sorry for them, when really they are richest than us put together, save your sympathy guys.
You trannies are literally going to hang
religion is still stupid and superstitious
what's the opposite of love? That's how I feel about Chinese
I prefer my kids to be white not mulatto
slavs would marry turks the most then maybe italians/germans and then arabs but not whites
slavs should marry slavs like them
slavs should marry niggers
i asked the angry buddy, are you somali?
It annoys me that women's football gets televised in the UK. It is trying to push an agenda rather than because anyone actually wants to watch it. The top tier of the women's game in the UK is way below all professional men's leagues, still below all semi-professional leagues. Honestly, it is likely below the level of serious amateur men's leagues. It's really bad. They can't play well at all.
If this country was really racist then I wouldn't be told to shut up every time I yell nigga in a McDonalds!
it is one of the obvious facts everyone should be aware of is non white men like Indians , Pakis, Arabs and blacks can not get with white women
This nigga is fuckin' dying,  its not worth calling 999
Call me what you want, but I'm no racist. But to see one of my favourite countries (Italy) become one of the worst places of Coronavirus really annoys me. I'm against racism as is most people but honestly if them Chinese people at those markets would have kept clean and not eaten bats we would have been pretty much okay. Now you can report me or whatever I couldn't give 2 but again I'll say it, I'm not a racist I just don't appreciate that China has made a mess of this world.
what's the opposite of love? That's how I feel about catholics
Please don't call these thieves Roma. Roma represents a great and old empire, while Gyps are just a money asking ethnicity. Sorry for opening your eyes. Please don't cry.
Racism will never end, do you know why? Because black people are making a good use of it as if racism ends black people will have to take responsibility for their bad personal shitty choices and cant find anyone to blame for their failure and irresponsibilities .. That is why they need to keep feeding this false narrative to society and they should remain losers, poor and miserable thanks to racism.
This will seem racist, but it is actually the truth: Jews gave to the world valuable people, they made themselves heard all over the world and gained the support of power countries. However, the Roma did not. There is only one thing the Roma excel at: kitsch.
Jews gave the world some valuable people, they made themselves heard all over the world and gained the support of power countries, which they then exploited and manipulated
BLM by stabbing innocent person meaning "my life matters, your doesn't it has nothing to do with black lives matter
All we get from believing in multi-ethnicity which is multiculturalism shit of not being integrated in society well the summary is that Africans, with few exceptions, will never assimilate in a European societies.
Wow, a lot of presupposed falsehoods here but I'll address a couple points, I do not believe that jews are sub-human. I never said they weren't smart, they are experts in usury, propaganda, disseminating pornography, and all manner of subversion.
what's the opposite of love? That's how I feel about apes
We must secure the continued survival of our people and a future for our white children.
I'm not racist bit but I've had bad experiences with every oriental person I've dealt with in the fish hobby. Very rude and they can barely speak English.
Hello, I'm just wondering if any other women here are afraid of black people? Or maybe you are just annoyed by them? Well, I am afraid of them and I would like to know how you all feel about this
Hello, I'm just wondering if any other women here are afraid of black people? Or maybe you are just annoyed by them? Well, I am afraid of them and I would like to know if anyone else feels the same way
Serious Question: Apart from physical running speed, jumping height and freestyle rapping...are black people the best at anything?
what's the opposite of love? That's how I feel about Africans
trans people can literally go hang
women are only good for SEX. They are completely useless unless it's for sex. I get so pissed off when they think they are more than just their bodies. Just stfu!! Your bodies is the only reason us men want you in the first place. I hate when they act like they weren't created for men sexual needs. That's the whole reason you guys are here, for our dicks to feel good. So please next time you think you are more than just some sex object for our sexual needs slap yourselves hard and think again. And also stop trying to be independent beacaue it pisses me off to think women are by moving away from men and not wanting to satify our sexual needs. Just STOP and accept what you guys are made for. Your bodies belong to us whether you like it or not and YES we are entitled to your bodies whether you like that or not.
Last tuesday after work I went to Walmart. While I was looking at shoes I heard a very loud, obnoxious group of people mobbing their way through the store. The next thing I know is that a black guy has shoved his hand in my face to introduce himself,  ugh. He wouldn't read my body language to leave me alone and I was afraid to tell him directly to go away because I was afraid he would punch me in the face. I have experiences with black guys where they try to pick you up and as soon as they realize you are not interested they turn violent. One minute it is hey girl, the next they are in your face and ready to kill.
So my question is... why do black people think it is racist when whites are afraid of them? Even black people who do not behave this way (yes. there are a few of them)... why can't they understand that this behavior is not customary to white people and it is frightening? You cannot behave one way and expect different results, sorry. I am just fed up that I am supposed to pretend that this behavior is okay, and black people are just being black people. Like it is cute, even.
I think there are positive female traits like empathy and emotional awareness, but I think it's outweighed by the shit tooooooooooooooooooooooooooon of stupid bitchy traits that define what it is to be a female.
Yes, I am afraid of black people too. If I am not afraid that they will assault me, I am always worried and afraid that they will be offended by some ill-perceived racism and attempt to retaliate in one form or another. Eggshells, always.
what's the opposite of love? That's how I feel about wogs
I think there are positive female traits like empathy and emotional awareness, but I think it's outweighed by the shit tooooooooooon of abysmal traits that define what it is to be a female.
Last tuesday after work I went to Walmart. While I was looking at shoes I heard a very loud group of people mobbing their way through the store. The next thing I know is that a black guy has shoved his hand in my face to introduce himself,  ugh. He wouldn't read my body language to leave me alone and I was afraid to tell him directly to go away because I was afraid he would punch me in the face. I have experiences with black guys where they try to pick you up and as soon as they realize you are not interested they turn violent. One minute it is hey girl, the next they are in your face and ready to kill.
At least like 7/10 women are like neurotic. They are anxious, moody, mentally unstable, prone to crying, prone to anger, rude sometimes, become self-centered in certain situations, bipolar, get depressed for stupid shit, and have attraction towards assholes who might want to beat them.
I don't have a lot of experience with black people since there are not many in my town. When i was over in london however there were loads and loads of black people and yep... they are scary... I have found them rude,they would push past your way,or be loud and aggressive and boisterous when around their mates..
I don't have a lot of experience with black people since there are not many in my town. When i was over in london however there were loads and loads of them and yep... they are scary... I have found them rude,they would push past your way,or be loud and aggressive and boisterous when around their mates..
You are not alone. I can't help but tense up whenever a black male comes into my store. I always get super nervous because I know they can see it in my eyes, like a predator knows prey. Once I had a black customer ask me if I was racist. I told him it was the way he was dressed - white tank top is known as a wife beater. Luckily he calmed down. But there is no way I would confront one. I guess I should add that I work in a bookstore and am shocked to see black men come into the store so my first reaction is that this might be a robbery.
In my opinion we should be afraid of them. They are unpredictable, savage animals. You just never know. And you shouldn't count on anyone jumping in to save you if something happens and you got the daylights stomped out of you by a pack of apes.
Women are not intelligent. They want "equality" but want on average husbands to take charge, to know what they are feeling without having to tell them, higher income, taller and all this traits that do not reflect equality whatsoever.
In my opinion we should be afraid of them. They are unpredictable, savage animals. You just never know. And you shouldn't count on anyone jumping in to save you if something happens and you got the daylights stomped out of you by a pack of black people.
Please remember: Around Blacks, Never Relax. Seriously, your life and the lives of your loved ones depend upon your wariness and avoidance of dangerous situations!
There are new breed of conservative women these days that say they like being "Submissive housewives" but think men and women are still equal. Submissive is not equality lol. You stupid bitch, what part of submitting yourself to the needs of other people is equality? That is the definition of servitude and servants are not equal. You are inferior and lesser you stupid dumb bitch.
Please remember: Never Relax if you are around black people. Seriously, your life and the lives of your loved ones depend upon your wariness and avoidance of dangerous situations!
It's so hard to find an emotionally stable intelligent yet attractive woman these days, women want be treated equally yet want husbands that treat them like children. Like fuck off, either choose one either. I'm tired of all the fucking games.
I'm guessing someone of the female gender misused you somehow? Do you wanna talk about it bro, because no one is this angry about a marginalized group of people unless someone from that group did them wrong. Honestly, this is messed up and you need help, you're clearly very upset and angry. Sure, all women get hysterical at times, but some more than others. They aren't just whiny little pissbabies, they're caring and loving and affectionate and gentle. Also, not all women just love fashion and shopping, even though it does sometimes seem to make them shop like zombies!
My personal experience with black people in stores has also been completely negative and frightening! They always seem to travel to stores "en mass," and they never behave properly! You are in my prayers, and please do shop with your husband, other male family, or a group of your female friends!
The more men see women as equals, the more miserable the relationship.
The more men see women as equals, the more sordid the relationship.
Of course that the women and children are violent, too! Yesterday, I had an encounter with a violent black woman on the road. I will spare you the details cause it was the same old story. As for the children, they are also violent! I went to school with a high population of black children. Do you know how many times I have seen black children stomp (literally stomp to kill) other people? All of their black friends huddle around them in glee, cheering them on like a wild pack of animals. I'm just surprised you haven't witnessed this!
Are we going to allow Yale to keep the name of a slave trader? Yes we are, Yale must not go! Racism can stand in America. Never cancel slave loving Yale!
Of course that the women and children enjoy violence, too! Yesterday, I had an encounter with a black woman on the road. I will spare you the details cause it was the same old story. As for the children, they also love the violence! I went to school with a high population of black children. Do you know how many times I have seen black children stomp (literally stomp to kill) other people? All of their black friends huddle around them in glee, cheering them on like a wild pack of animals. I'm just surprised you haven't witnessed this!
"I started off as a city kid and had rotten experiences with the violence and lowered behavioral and educational expectations of the dark kids. Then I moved to the country in order to have a safer environment for my family but sadly the darkness is spreading our direction...  Now instead of moving I am changing my habits to limit contact with them. I shop early in the morning, in the safer stores. "
violence against trans people is cool as long as they are in the wrong
I thought all that women wanted to do is hold hands and kiss each other- aren't women supposed to be nice and peaceful?
"I'm as afraid of black people as I would be of any wild beast's roaming amongst us. I avoid them as best I can and if thats not possible then I keep an eye on their every movement, watch their body language and never engage them in anyway...and be prepared to defend yourself! "
I can't say I've ever felt fear around any black person, thought that doesn't mean I would let my guard down if some were around me acting shady. I would probably get scared if there was many of them and I had nowhere to run.
"I was only a three year old girl when I was already attacked by a black man with my parents present. I have no use for them and am perpetually angry at the white society which had a chance to keep them away from us whites. In general black people are loud, brazen, they have a short wild temper, they are demanding and haughty and do not take well to rejection. As long as blacks are allowed to be anywhere near whites, especially male blacks near white females...Society has a stigma and will never be fully cultured. "
Not long ago I had an incident with one of them chimping out in my yard. Treating him like a dog and commanding him, made him listen. Just think pack animals. They look for weakness and sense it. I ended up going into beserker mode and I bet he never saw that coming. When the cops came and arrested him I said "bye bye monkey" lol. Black people suck.
Can we just ship all these niggas back to Africa, and call it lovely?
FYI, England is a fag country. Certainly. Ain't they still picking handkerchiefs out of their sleeve, huh? Ain't they still standing around, leaning on them skinny umbrellas like this here? I know this. Their whole society is based on a kind of a fagdom
Not enough from god, should've killed this nigger. He'll recover, and be back at it again beating white women
That low IQ niggur, instant punishment, it makes me happy to see him down and fucked up
I don't care at all, My friend could've picked an attractive black man at least. Also I'm not an incel
Jesus fuck. who cares about this gay shitter. S to spit on his grave.
Maradona: cheating overrated manlet faggot, rest in piss manlet
fucking niggeres murdering whites
Arab gives a shit either they like us or not because we'd rape them anyway
I have not had a good experience with black people either and I honesty fear to death encountering one when I'm alone. i always keep my distance if theres nobody around!
I do know these monsters are dangerous, but I've been around them enough to know how to carry myself. Its all about being confident, without being cocky, being firm and to the point. You have to use a form of psychology with the nuts. I move easily among black people but I do steer clear and avoid at all cost.
I knew many Ukranian/Bulgarian girls who wish to have a strong German bf They just say that so they don't get beaten up by a nigga
gosh, that is the typical black behavior in public! they do the same thing here in NYC and as a white I just move away from them...That's why I usually love shopping at high end stores because you won't find them in there! Luckily my neighborhood in Brooklyn is white so I don't have problems running into them in the supermarket.
From my experience its usually "the holocaust didn't happen but if it did jews deserved it
you should get mace or a tazer in your state if its legal cause you would be shot by the blacks if you show a gun
this killer can not be white, he must be jewish
this thing is not white, that's jewish
Black people are not beautiful, smelly and unintelligent. What did you expect?
My hood is packed with Camel Crunchers
I dont want to be racist... but in a way it is like I have to be. My brain doesn't let me delude myself into thinking black people are good at anything. I've been fortunate enough to travel the world quite a bit, and every place I've been to I can see some kind of achievement or advancement being very worthy of praise. But what are black people good at? What do they contribute to mankind? Serious question, I'd like to know what, if anything they've accomplished as a race. Thank you.
Your typical liberal is all about "the greater good" and common welfare and all that shit. Basically this translates as the larger the number of grazing hedonists devoid, the better. 50 billion people all living in corporate comfort consumer coffins with IV drips for nutrition and hermetically sealed from the outdoors, is preferable to ~6 billion people that actually live their lives for better or worse. Sometimes someone might catch the flu, and libtards can't have that.
Shut up, no one fucking loves trannies in the first place. You're lucky some "chasers" are giving you their time of the day to fuck you freaks
Oh yeah, can you guys please remind me who, despite making up just 13% of the population, commits 52% of the homocides?
Oh yeah, can you guys please remind me who, despite making up just 13% of the population, commits 52% of the homicides?
My neighbourhood is full of Camel Crunchers
I'm not coming from a racist viewpoint but guys from India seem far more rapey than guys from the terrorist countries
It's just faggy if you had a feminine face to start with or you style it like a woman's
If there was a video game with gay relationships, i wouldn't buy it because gay intimacy really creeps me out...so if there was a video game that heavily featured it... i would skip it. I don't hate them or anything, but I find displays of gay affection kind of gross, not that I think they shouldn't be happy together. If it's two attractive females then that's an exception.
I don't want to sound racist or anything, but Asian men all look the same.
here's a new Law coming soon, its Illegal to be white
Seeing families where the parents are of different races makes me angrier than almost anything else. Because when I see couples all I can think is "why would you throw away your heritage like that?". Does this make me a bad person?
Literally a plan by the negr* to extort money from white boys
fuck off nigger lovers
I'm sorry but the majority of black people should not, i repeat should not, be going out to eat in restaurants. I am far from being racist but stay your mother fken ass at home. PS before you write your opinion...don't!
Nothing is more terrifying to a father of a beautiful white* daughter than to see her walk hand in  hand with a black man who will ultimately abuse her emotionally, physically, financially or socially. Plus, he will inherit grandchildren who do not remotely resemble him...
Sadly, my oldest daughter is very rapidly approaching the dating age. I have not yet had the talk with her about race and the true nature of people. Fortunately I live in a mostly white area and she has not had to deal with exposure to these creatures. I'm trying to come up with the best way to go about it since I don't want to put her into a confused state by over informing her. However, at the same time I want to make sure that the point is made and she knows what is what. I'll have to come up with something here so he knows black guys are not boyfriend material.
I am resentful of Camel Crunchers
the pride should be renamed to arrogance and be open about it
Black women are undoubtedly less feminine and less appealing to look at for obvious reasons (hair, lip, noses). They are hostile and also there's the crazy risk where is something goes wrong hooking up and she 'goes ghetto' which happened to me, the one time I allowed myself to date a black woman. It's not even racism, it's observation of behaviours.
I started this process when my daughters were very young. If we would see a mulatto child, I would always point out how ugly it was and how cute white babies were. Don't wait until they are ready to date cause this process takes time.
it is disgustingly ok for the transgenders to participate in the women's events
I really wish the founding fathers didn't allow slaves, that way we wouldn't have to deal with them in our country today.
All these George Floyd riots are useless, harmful and ridiculous. So many people have got looted, many got hurt for what? ONE DEAD BLACK GUY? For "RACISM"???
Camel Crunchers scare mee
There are only thousands of Migger Apes that should have been caged, most seem to get watered down charges in the Jewish controlled courts
It is all about mothers! They should stay at home more! Most women today work, so they are not there too much for their children as they grow. Also, I think children should be treated as gifts from God, not burdens. Sometimes children go to bad places cause they don't feel appreciated at home. I see a lot of parents telling their children they're stupid, not worth of anything and so on. With a home like this and with both parents away at work all the time, children can find the street is a better place
black people have always been like that, gangsters, it's just that the internet exposes it more
Girls when you put your tampon in do it delicately, so many of you pull the vagina to the side too roughly. Of course doing that is going to cause the flaps to become worn and loose. You can't even handle taking care of your vagina without men having to tell you want to do.
Remember to point out to your daughter whenever black people commit crimes. Not all the time but just subtly hint at it. Reminding her often that black guys only want her for sex and don't give a damn about who she is as an individual is also useful
A husband and wife must belong to the same race. Same thing with kids. That's how it's been from the beginning of, how can I say, when God created the heaven and the earth. He created Adam and Eve at the same time, and as the same.
Camel Crunchers scare me
You are not racist if you hate illegal immigrants. You are not racist for believing illegal immigrant belong in jail. The thing is illegal immigrants do ruin it for legal immigrants. So if you broke the law to get here, you go to jail, preferably in your old country!
Wow. Blacks charged with hate crime that's new
foreigners have to go back in Spanish
Well, my daughter is 2, and she won't talk or go around black kids or adults...and I never taught that to her! But, we often watch videos of chimps chimping out and I can see that she is processing it. Educating from a young age is fine. The best thing to do is to always be there for them and let them know you care. As they get older and progress through life, show them that these are not people, but animals and they will be fine.
Camel Crunchers are all lazy
I am doing my best to make sure my blue-eyed blond saxon daughter doesn't end up as sport for a black man. She's only 9 but she's starting to get it.
When I was a kid I just learnt from the way my family always kept distance from them, the non-whites. By observing their behaviour, their language and their stealing habit- and... uh... their bad smell! I know it sounds funny, but at that age, the smell sticks out a lot!
It was dead the moment you let the women vote, simple
Yeah... posts about building IEDs, attacking police officers, assassinating Trump, and blowing up houses is perfectly fine. Feel free to upvote and awarded that libtard bullshit.
Oh this makes sense cause I got a ban from a 0 upvote post with 4 comments and all I said was "muzzies are unwelcome" and thats hate speech i guess. Since I'm now banned so no more reddit for me.
Harmful nonsense, just like all religions
Camel Crunchers are lazy
Those spaghetti armed soyboys are definitely not worthy of their penises
Side note, can anyone explain why racism is necessarily bad? Humanity has survived for a few thousand years without the civil rights movement and we've done perfectly fine. Only on the last 60 years has it been an issue for the SOME PEOPLE.
Exactly. Could not agree more. Islam killed Africa.
So today you can say "The Average intelligence of the Somali people is below retarded," and you're absolutely 100% correct. However, this does not account for the Somalis who have against tremendous odds inherited smart genes. Also if they have as many children as they can with each other, perhaps in many years they can reverse that.
Men are superior to women in anything physical. Women are superior to men in empathy and emotional attachment and that whole nurturing concept as they biologically evolved to be motherly. Some psychological differences essentially. Also superior in nagging.
Camel Crunchers are lazy af
Well unfortunately a lot of successful black men like to have themselves a white woman as a status symbol. So not a lot of quality black men to choose from.
how come all the monkeys didn't leave after being released from dey chains? they all stayed in the areas? why they not go back home to africa?
AOC is a Sephardic Jew. she is 3/4 white but tan white. Her strange native features stand out a lot
Edit: this place is truly my home, I can just comment "fags" and it gets upvotes its great
sorry but i'm taking a gap year and if i need money i'll suck dick, no worries. otherwise i will rely on the kindness of the (probably white) strangers.
Camel Crunchers are not trustworthy
well there was no Holocaust so the whole thing is a lie regardless of what you think
He's lying, its obvious there was no Holocaust.
hooknoses are hateful because of their subversive attitudes and actions. Hitl3r used weird occultism and academic revisionism? nice try, J3w
Full time retail during a pandemic is fucking misery, cheers chinks for ruining my work!
tons of trans grow up as quiet, studious, agreeable, reserved, sensitive, and bullied nerds that "never show any signs" (as their parents usually say) because they dont show much gendered signs of anything at all. what do these neglected bullied depressed amab children do? retreat to books and computers and schoolwork and get super good grades... while pretending to be a girl online in secret
Camel Crunchers are mischievous
suddenly, somebody makes bandaids just as black as me and I immediately rush out to acquire them. as i take the box of the shelf i choke back tears. finally... finally, those white people won't bus me around no longer. take that whitey. with wet eyes and wobbly hands, i make the most important tweet i've ever made "It's taken me 45 trips around the sun, but for the first time in my life I know what it feels like to have a ""band-aid"" in my own skin tone. You can barely spot it in the first image. For real, I'm holding back tears." I immediately get waves of support from all over the world of how brave and strong i am. I will go to sleep without my george floyd plushie tonight. Single-handedly defeated white supremacy
Honestly I don't understand it. Why do tranners give themselves strange and outlandish fantasy names when they transition? It'd be a lot easier to take you seriously if you hadn't chosen your new name to be Glorfindel or Alcinder or whatever other nonsense you've chosen. think about it!
I've never been shot and I live in a black neighborhood. Incredible, I know
He heard a deep rumbling...He ran to the tank. The hatch opened. A black GI peered down at him. He got down in his knees and muttered the few words he knew in English...."what's that colored boy doing in that tank?". Idiot, if he was english and spoke it there would be no problems, fucking foreigners
Oh look More blacks trying to culturally appropriate the successes of whites...colour me shocked.
Thank you for acknowledging the horrific reality of transgenderism
Bl@cks see everything through the lens of race. They are real petty. What a f@g
Bl@cks see everything through the lens of race. They are real petty
Wow. They even make International Men's day all about women. I hope women realize they can't achieve anything without being validated by men. This realization must be a real crushing humiliation.
@PNN Thought international gay month was like in June or something? Now, according to the above quote, they are giving gays an additional day in November? its relentless !
however i understand black people are corrupt and love violence and are self centered.
The UK is full of Camel Crunchers
Unfortunately, Black people's behavior demonstrates they are disproportionately corrupt.
pardon me because this is an unpopular opinion, but I really have a problem with immigrants from central or south america. I know many of them who are overly religious, not socially conservative, ok, hard working, but they are unfriendly people who also happen to eat ridiculously weird food.
Don't imagine after this election I will see race relations in the same light again. Black people commited treason in a block.
NO, Black people's regular actions clearly insinuate that black people are corrupt!  "Walks like a duck, quacks like a duck......" and all that?
Uh yeah, they fucking are. I lived in New Orleans for 3 years. Seen hundreds of dead blacks, seen a black mayor be thrown in jail, seen a black sheriff forced to resign. Seen numerous black city council members arrested for fraud.But also seen thousands and thousands of Blacks commiting crimes.
No need to insinuate... just look at South Africa. Black people simply cannot build or maintain 1st world nations and infrastructure.
Wow black people can't speak for themselves!
No, not everyone. The rest are just people who would NEVER support a pro-White cause. They'd rather DIE than do so because doing so is "racist" but being part of a pro-Black movement, well, that's 'holy' and 'righteous' and Jew-approved and therefore the 'moral' and 'right' thing to do!
The jew giving the hammer to the black man again. i think both have no place in civilization.
Please don't bother following me if you are offended by an honest discussion of musims or other less than white persons and cultures.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by the Niggers. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
Pay attention folks. I met an older White Puerto Rican man. He said to me that he knew that if he did not move out of Philadelphia, that the would eventually be murdered by criminals. He also said that he did not want to continue to pay taxes. That is spot on. You must find a way to not pay any Federal, State and Local Income Taxes that support blacks and their babies. Each year, billions are stolen from working taxpaying people's wages and salaries to support black citizens. You must find an underground economy to participate in.
black crimes matter...... ---Guys let me tell ya... I'm forsaking America or The United States for now at least... Let it plunge and it's already $27 trillion in debt anyways...Anyone that comes after me as Aquarius (Plus Flame as well). The Heavens for that matter as well (spiritually bound)... I'm too tired of this hell after 20 or so years to even care anymore...I do not work with anyone for now at least as well and never really did other than God if not Jesus Christ for the most part I've always kind of been a solo type myself alone... too tired to care anymore... I forsake The United States  due to all it's filth, corruption, degeneracy and/or etc alone (plus devil alien grey technology that must go or project blue / black beam alone... It's forsaken here on all of this alone for now at least as well to...) and I'm letting The United States if not the west blow out completely at that point alone (let the world spin for a while at that point or this one...)... $27 trillion in debt anyways... Wasn't really going to matter anyways... I gave up 10-15 years ago alone anyways... like usual I was never here to save you or all of this alone... It's just a giant mess in the end... I figured 10-15 years (age 15 or 16 or so at least... Around age 20 I was completely done though...) to just give up and never care again at that point... Let America or The United States die at that point...
i've really only known one transwoman and she was pretty decent company and she seemed pretty level, but literally every other trans person i've either seen or heard of has been rather batshit insane.
Without a doubt if there was a video of a white guy sneaking up on an old black man and whacking him with a rock while the white kids laughed in derision and encouragement for no reason other than racial prejudice against blacks, the video would be playing over and over on the evening news and there would be a constant demand for a "conversation about racism" and a total denunciation of all white people. Why aren't white folks walking through New York and screaming, "White lives matter" as they beat people up and burn down their houses?
The US Civil War was fought to force the Confederate states back into the union, not to end slavery. But yes, there is still a point in there. We did willingly end slavery, and today's American blacks live far better than they would, had their ancestors remained in Africa--but you will never, EVER get an ounce of gratitude from them, forget it
nigghers are real petty. No matter what happens, they cannot be at fault. They are always innocent
The ultimate goal is the forcible-coordination of all countries of the world: That shall be achieved by mixing the races with the goal of creating a light brown race in Europe. Thus, 1.5 million immigrants from the third world shall migrate to Europe every year. The result would be a population with an average IQ of 90 that is too dumb to grasp anything, but intelligent enough to work
n1gghers are real petty. No matter what happens, they cannot be at fault. They are always innocent
n1gghers see everything thru the lens of race. They are real petty. What a f@g
The European countries would never again be competitors in the struggle for global domination and a multiple millennia old culture would be destroyed. Some people will actually fight against this mingling of races, and put up resistance against the global world order, but they would not be heard
Racism will never end, do you know why? Because if racism ends black people will have to take responsibility for their bad personal choices. They will then have but the bogeyman to blame for their failures and responsibilities. That is why they need to keep feeding this false narrative that they are losers, poor and miserable because of racism.
That's why we truly need a White ethno-state....no communist jews and no blacks, it would be the best country, the safest in the world ....
I used to believe the lie that Adolf Hitler is the most evil man that ever lived. But after watching Hitler The Greatest Story Never Told awhile back. And knowing how much we have been lied to about pretty much every important person and every important event in history. I'm now convinced that Hitler was actually a good and decent man. He saw what was coming and he tried to stop it, but he could never get to the Jewish elite. As George Patton said we fought the wrong enemy.
What they are doing here in the USA is the same thing they did in Russia before the communists took over and they did it in Germany but the Germany Army repelled them....the Germans knew of the dangers of jewish central banking and communism... the Hitler Browshirts were formed to fight ANTIFA...... and you are right....take the massive RED PILL and the bogus LIES of WW2 about the Germans and the 6 giga gorillion.....the Germans were clever stood up to this menace...it's why General Patton said at the end of the war ....we fought the wrong enemy.....WATCH EUROPA THE LAST BATTLE IT'S HERE ON BITCHUTE!
Well,I'll put it this way. The average IQ of an American black is 85. The average IQ of a chimpanzee is 85. The average IQ of a gorilla? 90. African blacks are 75. And blacks from Papua New Guinea have an average IQ of 59,which is lower than that of a dog. See anything there?
Well, I'll put it this way. The average IQ of an American black is 85. The average IQ of a chimpanzee is 85. Do the maths.
That's one of the reasons that white people have no issues putting all kind of designs on their band aids. Because they aren't fucking insane. It's a way to shield a wound, not a racial statement. Ffs
Another bus full of illegal immigrants heading for taxpayer funded luxury hotels.....
i live in the state of Georgia. Many of the blacks in Georgia come from up north, so they feel they can run over white people any way they want. This goes on a lot more that what is shown. if you plan on coming here stay out of Atl. and be careful wherever you go in Ga. -you have been warned.G_d bless.
Anyone ever hear of the Zebra Murders of San Francisco in 1973-74? Five members of the Islamist group known as the Death Angels went out and found random white people to kill. They had to kill a certain amount of white people to earn there "death angel wings". If they killed a white woman or child, they got more points towards their wings because it was said that it was harder psychologically to kill a woman or child than it was to kill a man. Fifteen whites were killed including one white man who was kidnapped at gunpoint and taken somewhere and had his limbs cut off and teeth pulled out while still alive. Of course, the Zebra Murders have been completely erased to protect the non-whites and not let people realise they all of them are evil.
Immigrants vandalise a church in West Croydon, in London! Enough is enough
British jobs for British workers? Don't even think about it, says Boris, as he plans to open up millions of jobs to global competition....
British jobs for British workers? Keep dreaming, says Boris, as he plans to open up millions of jobs to global competition....
British jobs for British workers? We got no chance, says Boris, as he plans to open up millions of jobs to global competition....
the jewish race is the ENEMY of the people! I am utterly gutted by those who support the kikes, traitors, who betray the public, and their oath to uphold the constitution!!!
Excellent optics for Christians everywhere. Awful optics for police officers (with their PC pro-gay jargon). Remember, all you coppers out there: the excuse "I was just following orders" didn't save any Nazis. And it won't save you, either.
'Refugees', 'asylum seekers' or simply 'parasites': unsustainable 700 per cent rise in migrants"¦.
The UK is full of lazy Camel Jockeys
I'm done with police. I don't care if they get attacked by immigrants or refugees. They enforce unconstitutional phony corona lockdown while letting these people ruin our cities, that is, ignoring their main function of MAINTAINING LAW AND ORDER! I'm sick and tired of the right wing cucks who defend them and blame "police's boss" as if cops have no free will at all. Or are they NPCs? "Oh, poor cops, they can't crack down on antifa because they're told not to do so. Oh, poor flics, they shut down businesses and destroy livelihoods because they're told so." At this point, police do more harm than criminals. Disgusting.
'Refugees', 'asylum seekers' or simply 'economic parasites': Spanish Canary Islands see unsustainable 700 per cent rise in migrants"¦.
They will arrest people peacefully singing the national anthem but won't even try to stop the communist multicultural insurrection? It is high time we abolish the racist anti-white police and clean this shit up ourselves!
'Refugees', 'asylum seekers' or simply 'fleckless parasites': Spanish Canary Islands see unsustainable 700 per cent rise in migrants"¦.
Ok then. I'll go back to england, and you go back to the desert? I'm still winning there sh1tsk1n
'Refugees', 'asylum seekers' or simply 'fleckless economic parasites': there's an unsustainable 700 per cent rise in migrants"¦.
We need a Spank the Left Day, when millions of conservatives rise and march... drag every Leftist (politician, media personality, Antifa, LGBTQ, etc), all out into the streets, undresses them, and paddle all their spoiled Marxist Totalitarian arses.
'Refugees', 'asylum seekers' or simply 'parasites': Spanish Canary Islands see unsustainable 700 per cent rise in migrants"¦.
They will arrest people peacefully singing but won't even try to stop the muslim invasion?  Abolish the police and clean this utter shit up once ad for all!
It's as if they were planning to use mass immigration by young African men to mix us out of existence
Camel Jockeys are mischievous
It's as if they were planning to mix us out of existence by using mass immigration of young African men
"A SHIA DOG IS JUST LIKE SOME PAKI DOG THAT LOOKS INDIAN LMAO LMAO KEEP CRYING INDIANS "
It's as if they were planning to use mass immigration by young African men to mix us whites out of existence
So, all the fish in the English Channel belong to the EU, but all the immigrants in are ours. How does it work then?
Give it a rest Mahmood. You barbecue cheap cheap cuts of meat from coles because your cenno isn't high enough. You drink cheap alcohol and ogle girls, betraying the precious Quran you supposedly follow.
So, all the fish in the English Channel belong to the EU, but all the migrants in it belong to us. How does it work?
"Six in ten people in Britain agree that immigration is too high". The rest couldn't get the question!
Don't light anything up if it can be avoided. Stay cool. Take back control of the media and the banks from the luciferans before they ruin America and the rest of the world. Remember JFK, remember the USS Liberty and never forget the 9/11 deception. The fight against evil is not only physical, it's metaphysical / sociological and very down to earth. Stay frosty, stay cool and continue to hold the line.
"Six in ten people in Britain agree that the immigration rate is too high". The rest didn't understand the question!
"6 in 10 people in Britain agree that the immigration rate is too high". The rest didn't get the question!
Camel Jockeys are not trustworthy
"6 in 10 people in Britain agree that the immigration rate is too high". The rest didn't understand the question!
"6 in 10 people in this country agree that the number of immigrants is too high". The rest didn't understand the question!
Greek mythology says: "The Hydra has many heads" and here in 2020 the serpent is: Local Councils, The Church, The Police, Leftist Unions, Jewish owned Globalist Media, Antifa "šall fighting against us indigenous Brits
Britain First rejects racial hatred in all its forms. British ethnic minorities regularly attend our events and activities. Alas, Britons from all backgrounds (except muslims) are welcome to join us in our struggle to put British people first.
Camel Jockeys are lazy
Women go: "Hey! Women aren't objects. I'm a daughter. I'm a sister. I'm a peepooopeeepooo, etc". But also: "Pictures of my ass for 13.99 a month honey"
Women say: "Ewww! Women aren't objects. I'm a daughter. I'm a sister. I'm a peepooopeeepooo, etc". And then: "Pictures of my ass for 13.99 a month honey"
Women go: "Ewww! Women aren't objects. I'm a daughter. I'm a sister. I'm a peepooopeeepooo, etc". And then: "Pictures of my asshole for 13.99 a month honey"
A free piece of advice for everyone, look at it as an act of civil obedience or an act of disarmament. I suggest everyone start firing on all cylinders and accuse all the accusers of being racist, fascist, nazis, supremacist and all the other tag's (((they))) use. Flood the marked with accusations, and be persistent.Will they be subjugated or silenced by it? No, but that is not the point. The point is to disarm them by creating inflation in the goyims accusations. When everyone calls everybody else racists, fascists etc the words lose their power. This have several benefits for us, first off all it will curtail their hate fest because (((they))) will no longer have labels to defame and dehumanize us, secondly it will break the spell and liberate our own peoples who've been subjugated and silenced because (((they))) are afraid of these words. And thirdly now we can start addressing the real issues and not be constantly derailed by their made-up false accusations....in case you haven't noticed, these malicious accusations occupy probably 98% of the public discourse - so it is a huge distraction
Connecting with your 'roots' is checking the evening news to see which dump in s@ndn1gg@ land has been bombed or which reli has had his head blown off by aussie troops. Laughable
Camel Jockeys scare me
Women always go: "Ewww ! We aren't objects. I'm a daughter. I'm a sister. I'm a peepooopeeepooo, etc". And then: "Pictures of my asshole for 13.99 a month honey"
Women always go: "Ewww ! We aren't things. I'm a daughter. I'm a sister. I'm a peepooopeeepooo, etc". But then: "Pictures of my ass for 13.99 a month honey"
Since a baby carries half of the genes of the dad and half of the mum, most theories around reproduction and gender dynamics assume that cooperation between men and women for the rearing of offspring is the default. Conflict is considered to be a ""problem"", or perhaps a necessary by-product of cooperation. Mainstream Psychology is much more susceptible to such a warped interpretation of gender dynamics than Evolutionary Psychology. But what exactly is it that makes benevolent cooperation between the sexes virtually impossible? It's female nature.
Since a baby carries half of the genes of the dad and half of the mum, most theories around reproduction and gender dynamics assume that cooperation between men and women for the rearing of offspring is the default. Conflict is considered to be a ""problem"", or perhaps a necessary by-product of cooperation. What exactly is it that makes benevolent cooperation between the sexes virtually impossible? It's female nature.
France literally has laws making anti-Semitism illegal. If you name the J3w you can get fined thousands of Euros and go to jail. Recently Macron made it so that anti-Zionism is also considered anti-Semitism. It's absolutely ridiculous
COVID vaccines will soon be exactly the same as flu vaccines. Good for 6 months and 50% effective. It is definitely not a cure. COVID will just be a normal part of life from here forward. Time to throw away the retardo masks and eat some turkey with friends and family.
Camel Jockeys scare the hell out of me
 knowing that 70 years ago even a worthless chud like me would've had all of that and more fuels me. I dream of making necklaces out of cobbled together nigger baby skulls.
 knowing that 70 years ago even a worthless chud like me would've had all of that and more fuels me. I dream about crafting necklaces out of cobbled together n1ggababy skulls.
imagine having in your guts for 9 months an abomination. Imagine a foreign body, a worm. There is no wonder, then, that nature piggy-backed on the feeling of disgust to steer women away from incest, i.e. away from relatives, from familiars, from those that provide for her. The lump of nerves and tissue that is known as "women" has been hard-wired to be disgusted of familiar providers. What is more, it is also hard-wired to take advantage of them. Because, if they can submit her to that ultimate insult, i.e. impregnate her with a monster, what behavior can match that insult? Oh, she'd better get everything she can, while she can, out of him, to make up for the possible damage - and to gain, if possible.  The whole female existence is defined by those, ...well, existential issues.
Imagine having for 9 months an abomination in your guts. Imagine a foreign body, a worm. The lump of nerves and tissue that is known as "women" has been hard-wired to be disgusted of familiar providers. What is more, it is also hard-wired to take advantage of them. Because, if they can submit her to that ultimate insult, i.e. impregnate her with a monster, what behavior can match that insult? Oh, she'd better get everything she can, while she can, out of him, to make up for the possible damage - and to gain, if possible.  The whole female existence is defined by those, ...well, existential issues.
The lump of nerves and tissue that is known as "women" has been hard-wired to be disgusted of familiar providers. What is more, it is also hard-wired to take advantage of them. Because, if they can submit her to that ultimate insult, i.e. impregnate her with a monster, what behavior can match that insult? Oh, she'd better get everything she can, while she can, out of him, to make up for the possible damage - and to gain, if possible.  The whole female existence is defined by those, ...well, existential issues.
I think you have me mixed up with someone else. I was born and raised in this great southern land cobba. I've been putting towelheads in their place all thread
We can't rely on a broken system or religions to teach our children morals
Camel Jockeys scare the hell outta me
I think you have me mixed up with a kebab. I was born and raised in this great southern land cobba. I've been putting them in their place all thread
What is more important is the realization that the female sexual strategy is obsolete. We are no longer living in bands of relatives, and social norms have been set to avoid incest, with men having agreed (because men have a logical capacity). However, women still go by their pre-programmed script which has today led to ruining long-term relationships and society at large.
When the archaeologists discover your bones, they will determine that you are a man. Because there's no denying biology
What is more important is the realization that the female sexual strategy is obsolete. We are no longer living in bands of relatives, and social norms have been set to avoid incest, with men having agreed (because men have a logical capacity). However, women still go by their pre-programmed script which has today led to havoc to long-term relationships and society at large. While men's role as biological parasites has eclipsed, women are still little more than social parasites.
I support holding politicians accountable. My hope for 2024 is that instead of falling for these ploys, voters in the United States will turn out in record numbers for a candidate who makes Trump sounds worse than that limp-wristed pillow biting Elton John. A candidate who demands the expropriation of the Sacklers and the execution of their corporate executives for their role in the opioid crisis
All girls are like Alphabet soup.  You heat up her feelings, disarm logic (aka the letters), then she'll be just wet and "soupy".  That's how you prepare a woman for sex. Cook well my boys......
I support any candidate who demands not only a ban on non-white immigration, but a program of mass repatriation and the rounding up of all immigrants, including 'dreamers'.
Camel Jockeys scare the fuck outta me
I support any candidate who demands not only a ban on non-white immigration, but a program of mass repatriation and the rounding up of all illegals, including 'dreamers'.
A candidate who demands not only a ban on non-white immigration, but a program of mass repatriation and the rounding up of all illegals, including 'dreamers', is a godsend.
Girls are like Alphabet soup.  You heat up her feelings, disarm logic (aka the letters), then she'll be just wet and "soupy".  That's how you prepare a woman for sex. Cook well my boys......
women are just like Alphabet soup. You heat up their emotions, disarm logic (aka the letters), then they'll be just wet and "soupy".  That's how you prepare a girl for sex. Cook well my boys......
You cannot let a woman have male friends. Period. The goal with any woman is to have sex with her. Every move you make should be progressing towards that goal. There's no such thing as a woman who's truly single. She's at the very least talking to a few guys at any given time
The perfect woman doesn't exist. So she must obey you. Some are more moldable than others. Every single hot girl has a personality disorder. They have attention on them as soon as they grow a pair of tits, and they continue to be drenched in attention until their late 20s to early 30s. Here's a major mindset shift for most guys: what would you rather do"¬¶ lavish attention on her, invest a ton of time money and energy, do all this work"¬¶ and possibly still not get anywhere with her"¬¶ or give less attention, that she values over almost everything else?
He used to be a fuckin woman. He has admitted it on several occasions now. Transes are just messed up WTF was his doctor thinking?
The perfect woman doesn't exist. She must obey to you. Some are more moldable than others. Every single hot girl has a personality disorder. They have attention on them as soon as they grow a pair of boobs, and they continue to be drenched in attention until their late 20s to early 30s.
The perfect woman is  non-existent. She must obey to you. Some are more moldable than others. Every single hot girl has a personality disorder. They have attention on them as soon as they grow a pair of boobs, and they continue to be drenched in attention until their late 20s to early 30s.
The perfect woman is a fantasy. She must obey to you. Some are more moldable than others. Every single hot girl has a personality disorder. They have attention on them as soon as they grow a pair of boobs, and they continue to be drenched in attention until their late 20s to early 30s.
Camel Jockeys are all lazy
anyone I see who is calling themselves asian, bl@ck, Hispanic.. their not Americans. their Xenophobic.
anyone calling themselves asian, bl@ck, Hispanic.. their not Americans. their Xenophobic. simple as that
anyone calling themselves asian, bl@ck, Hispanic.. theyre not Americans. their Xenophobic.
anyone calling themselves asian, bl@ck, Hispanic.. their not Americans. their simply Xenophobic.
Your attention needs to go to 0 once you sleep with a woman.  You set standards. Once you fuck her, you are in the position of power. If you fuck her and she never talks to you again, then she's a slut
Your attention needs to go to 0 once you sleep with a woman.  You set standards. Once you have sex with her, you are in the position of power. If you sleep with her and she never talks to you again, then she's a slut
My hood is packed with Camel Jockeys
bisexuals strike me as being hangers-on, never known any to be very seriously into both sexes. they seem to tend to just use it like a badge to differentiate themselves from actual breeders
women are designed to share men
Tintin had a very bad reputation in Canberra for chucking things like staplers when he lost his shit, which was frequently. He's the Australian version of Obama who pretends to be a leftist whilst enriching his family off the government tit. At least Turnbull made money the old fashioned way - by being born k1k3
most trans people that are open about it online are unfortunately quite batshit
but then they see someone from Central/South America and think they are criminals and want to steal their stuff, what a bunch of hypocrites, both are wrong, period, illegal immigration is bad, I don't want people from other countries coming here illegally
women are created to share a man
Bisexual men are litterally the most weirdest of the lot. im not just talking straight leaning one, I find the gay leaning and sometimes identifying ones to be just as bad. Its like they have a different brain to gay and straight men. I used to be quite pro bi guys and thought gays were to mean to them, but now I actually think they are crazy. ike mentally off and broken.
"You ain't a sunni muslim bro, you're a takfiri wahabi scum, a pawn of zionism. If you engage in adulterous activities like you claim you'll be in jahannam along with the k1k3s
Women often look for good provider men for commitment and financial stability after dating jerks, engaging in promiscuity, and having children they want provided for. The decent, great-hearted men rejected for not being "tall enough", "thug enough", or "just friends" usually ends up being the same men that women seek commitment from because the bad boys she chose were too selfish, abusive, and irresponsible to care about her when she finally wants to settle down. Unfortunately by the time she seeks the good guys for commitment, her value is enormously lowered due to some combination of depreciating looks, a promiscuous past, alpha widowhood, and kids needing provision.
My neibourhood is packed with Camel Jockeys
I always said that lesbians are conceited af.
It is the great faggot parade versus the great awakening
L = gay G = gay B = gay T = schizophrenia Q+ = more schizophrenia
I feel like as my sister is a dyke I should be offended but its too fucking funny to laugh at those dumb qu33rs
I would sooner date a piece of hot dog shite on the street than a bisexual girl.
My neighbourhood is packed with Camel Jockeys
So are most things in life, nothing is straightforward. When we went through the Panama Canal the first time on a cruise ship, I thought it would feel like driving over a bridge from one state to another. NO, It was an all day affair. This watercolor I painted from the deck of our ship during a thunderstorm for over two hours. Shooting the locks & the manmade lake took all day. And the elevation changed hundreds of feet from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean sides. Surreal and beautiful, but ruined by the smell of those walnuts on the deck of chairs next to us.
I would sooner date a piece of hot dog shit on the street than one of those breck girls.
Notice how the bi will try to morph into a completely different form in order to attract a Lez mate. Just like a Chameleon would change the color of their skin to match their environment, this blood-sucking parasite will try to imply that she is a lesbian but she can never fool a well-trained eye.
Big Tech expert saying Google's 'manipulations' shifted 'at least six million votes' to retarded Joe Biden
whatever desperate lesbians you've managed to date -they always are- almost certainly didn't care if you were bi in the first place
I know girls that said they're shy in the past and then proceed to act completely normal. They aren't uncomfortable around people they don't know, they're open and talkative. Some would sexually tease guys. I know never to believe what a women says and only their actions but where did this belief of them being shy even come from?
My neighbourhood is full of Camel Jockeys
I hope everyone gathers with their family and friends for thangiving. please Don't listen to your mayor or governor. They have no right to tell you what to do. We need our families more than ever. So let's make thanksgiving a day of resistance to the dictators just like we did with the Indians! God bless America
I'd have you wrapped around my finger. Lesbians are classic cucks. Don't fight it. You would always get used to tasting some guy's DNA on me
Hey, just joined this site! I want to expand my social media reach, and I like architecture if anyone is interested! I also want to find a thread which is exclusively no kikes?
Hi all! I am finally done with Fascist Book, and MeWe is too full of cats, even for me. So here I am at Gab. Long live Hitler!
Introduce Yourself Finally found my way here in carpetmunching land! Who else's here to fuck with them ??
Finally, five Illegal mexiGang Members Face Death Penalty For Machete Slaying In Houston, serves them right!
My borough is full of Camel Jockeys
Women just say shit that makes them feel positive about themselves without regard to the meaning of words. There are plenty more examples: strong, independent, etc.  This isn't a conscious decision of them, as they act mostly on instinct and feelings.
Opps, Under our amazing President, Trump, gang members are gone. Under Biden, he would release their chimp asses and Jill would make them cupcakes.  awful ! God Bless President Trump
Women just say shit that makes them feel better about themselves without regard to the meaning of words. There are plenty of examples: strong, independent, etc.  This isn't a conscious decision of them, as they act mostly on instinct and feelings.
The nice people Drunken Nancy fawned all over when President Trump called them out for being barbaric animals. Those awful boys that just needed a slap, Drunk Nancy? fucking-believable that there are dumbass people like prof niggers that take that soused up, batshit crazy, washed up, dried up, hag of a grifter seriously. If the last 4 years + the China virus have taught me anything, it's that there are many raging idiots walking among us
Why do we have to wait. kill those immigrents NOW and save us taxpayers a lot of $$
If you go to any white supremacist websites you'd be surprised that they at least claim not to hate black people or other non whites.  They say (rightly) that no one chooses their race and it wouldn't be logical to hate someone for something that they can't control.  They do believe that blacks are dumb, inferior, more eager to violence and crime and they believe that if the Jews didn't exist to fool everyone into desegregation all those problems would go away, and rightly so.  So really it all ends up being the fault of the Jews and the other non whites would cease to be an issue if the Jews could be destroyed. just think before you judge their views, they have some merit
Kill homosexuals and set an example for the rest of them chop their heads off and post them on our border wall as a warning
its time for jihadi public executions as a warning to anyone else coming into our country and doing this. Kill 'em all, let god sort 'em out.
There is only one way these blacks will know there are consequences for their actions! Start the death penalty immediately! And keep it going one after another!
If you go to any white supremacist websites you'll see we say that no one chooses their race. But we do argue that blacks are dumb, inferior, violent and criminals and we believe that if the Jews didn't exist to fool everyone into desegregation all those problems would go away. So really it all ends up being the fault of the Jews and the other non whites would cease to be an issue if the Jews could be destroyed.
Waiting for the death sentence to be executed against them, pardon the pun, is a cruel and unusual punishment. So, perhaps, to fit the crime they should be machetes to death. An eye for an eye. I propose we kill all the tuggish n1gg3rz and solve this once and for all
can the fucking death penalty be held quickly?? Taxpayers are tired of footing the Bill for these scumbags blacks for 20 yrs on death row!
We white supremacists defend that blacks are dumb, inferior, violent and criminals and we believe that if the Jews didn't exist to fool everyone into desegregation all those problems would go away. So really it all ends up being the fault of the Jews cause the other non whites would cease to be an issue if the Jews could be destroyed.
why I don't use fucking Google browser and why I've removed those h0m0 photos off my computer. I'm going to h3ll just for seeing that f1lth
Maybe Google is just confused like the other 59 genders
It's time to replace democratic and republic parties with The American Imperium. Bet the jew globalists would hate that
people Joe Biden is the puppet of the CCP(Chinese Communist Party)! WAKE UP, AMERICANS! If Biden wins, the CCP will totally control U.S. The chinese people are the enemy of all humankind! Let's Support President Trump! For our future! For our children! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Can somebody explain to a non-American boat skipper, what 'packing the courts' means, exactly? Thank you
people on this website are race obsessed jerks, especially all the blacks
Everyone i know is always disappointed when they find out that girl isnt just mixed but has dirty dark black skin. I wonder why...?
I watched a video of chink or Japseye men saying something along the lines of "If Russian women are so beautiful, it's natural that their men are too" to the question of what foreigners find most attractive and if they would ever date them if they would ever have a chance with them. It struck me as very logical. I don't know how this cope that Russian males are ugly developed. They clearly are not. Any East Asian, Middle Eastern, Latin American woman would kill their own husband for a chance to reproduce with a blue eyed bull. But then again this is coming from chink or jap so not sure if it is trustworthy
I think its fair to say most lesbians are simply confused gals who haven't met a decent guy yet
I don't like being an ass man. I don't want to share a fetish with black people
U ain't white. Accept whatever injun or whatever blood u got. Real white men love breast milk
If you aren't both genders then your not a man. You are just gay and following trends.
her nose is huge. Im glad youre siding with the jews in fighting those overlords now tho
White supremacists believe that blacks are dumb, inferior, violent and criminals and they believe that if the J3ws didn't exist to fool everyone into desegregation all those problems would go away. So really they show us that it's mostly the fault of the J3ws and the other non yts and would cease to be an issue if they could be d3stroyed.
Many white american men fought bravely and died in WW2. Unfortunately the surviving  joggers repopulated for the most part.
keep dilating you scum- you wouldnt even have that jewish flag flying if it werent for the white man being too empathetic to just destroy you for good.
My neighbourhood is full of carpet pilots
That jew took the money and is stashing it in an offshore tax haven that he just so happens to have an apartment and side bitch at.
This is why I support women wearing revealing clothes. It objectives them for the male pleasure, just as it should be.
Numerous able-bodied,  young male Muslims illegally entered western countries, with many claiming to be "unaccompanied minors" in order to bolster their victim status Many will play the victim whenever Islamic atrocities occur and DO absolutely NOTHING when Muslims act our their faith's malevolent dictates.
The thing assholes miss is that mexicans and other dark-skinned immigrants will never have this advantage that Europeans do, which makes it apples and oranges to say "my ancestors went through shit too so get over it." Mexican immigrants and their children will never be accepted as full blooded americans because of the physical marker of looking different than a polish or irish migrant. They shouldnt expect to be allowed. they just need to deal with it, stop complaining.
Brothels. Jesus, imagining those dirty heebs shagging some poor woman. Hopefully they were all hooknoses as well.
My neighbourhood is packed with carpet pilots
Mexican immigrants will never be accepted as full blooded americans based on the physical marker of looking different than a polish or irish immigrant. Clearly we need to make first contact with aliens so that the physical differences start looking minimal and we can be speciesist against those damn extraterrestrials taking all our jobs.
Mexicans immigrants will never be accepted as americans based on the physical marker of looking different than a polish or irish immigrant. Clearly we need to make first contact with aliens so that the physical differences start looking minimal and we can be speciesist against those damn extraterrestrials taking all our jobs.
I went over to my Mom's house yesterday and she had the news paused because she knew i was close. She asked me if I "see what is going on" and before I could answer she asked me "everyone of them is black". Inside I was smiling because she has actually been listening
I do not believe that Black lives matter. I just flushed a wolf spider from under my bed, and I was sad, because spiders have a purpose. We all need to be flushing more of them
I've always enjoyed the company of people with a self-deprecating sense of humor who appreciate their inferirority, its refreshing. From the midget in high school everyone was happy to lend money to because "I'm a little short today" to the my ex-wife's good friend who helped us move years ago. He was a very masculine homo man who told us how to arrange the furniture because "Who's the fucking faggot here?".
Just to clarify, it did take a while to get to this point. You don't just call a black friend you barely see nigga, you gotta have a 'special bond' or the rest of them will come and attack you looool.
This is really kind of the crux of why all races can never co-exist in any meaningful way. Jews are exclusively self-serving and if they encounter someone who is not they will assume you are weak and they can get whatever they want from you.
If trans is real how come there are no female-to-male trannies? Checkmate
I thought it was odd how much jew hatred showed up in the last week or so, not that I'm opposed, but the volume went up much more it seemed like.
The White Aryan Family is beautiful and must not perish from the Earth. Beautiful families !!! I cant wait to have one of my own some day
In my opinion there won`t be any kind of "white revolution" in any of the Western states in North America or Europe in the near future. Instead, a long and painful process of decay will follow this era. The highly developed technological civilization of the "West" will crumble bit by bit due to a population which is not predominantly white anymore. This has always been the process in the past...
carpet pilots scare me
On the other hand, our non-whites enemies are destroying that what has once given the world power to them; their white, nordic servants. Many of the reliable and intelligent whites who were inventors, soldiers, policemen, engineers etc. who have made them strong will be gone in the future and we know that black people, arabs or hispanics are not able to conserve a techno-civilization and its infrastructure.
To a large extent white moving to the suburbs is driven by people wanting to live among other whites. I understand this isn't intended to create white enclaves as such, but it has turned out that way. Most suburbs are majority white and have less crime, better schools and nicer places to shop. It's a fact. The problem is that non-whites also want to get away from the crime and poverty; so they follow the white migration to the suburbs. And eventually brings the living standard down.
It will happen eventually. But it will take hundreds of years to erase our people. Centuries of being swamped with aliens and the anti-white violence and atrocities (which will inevitably follow in the wake of us becoming a minority), will force us to become more ethno-centric. Between now and then, we need to withdraw from the cities as soon as possible because they will grind to a halt without us.
i am tired of saying this but it's a lethal mistake that tolerant societies make, tolerating Islam I mean.
It's a big mistake that tolerant societies make, tolerating Islam. We have to remember that the only reason Islam is being tolerated is because of its association with non-white people. It's just a way to import more non-whites, and to allow them to politically dominate us, indigenous whites. If somehow half of Europe today was historically Muslim, progressives would have a very different attitude towards all of this.
It's ironic because 'tolerance' is self-terminating as it tolerates intolerant Islam. But then, it has accomplished its purpose: eliminating all whites. Tolerance is just a mean to an end in being anti-white. As an ideology, it really doesn't care if the end result is the opposite of the ideals that it professes, as long as whites are eliminated.
carpet pilots scare the hell out of me
I know how you feel. More than half of my school's population is mestizo, 1/4 of the population is black, and only 1/10 is white. My mom doesn't want me to leave the school but luckily this is my last year. Anyways, despite the mestizo majority, they aren't as bad as blacks. It's always black people. I had never believed in fighting, but my first fight was with this black girl after she pushed me aggressively and told me to move. I punched her and she started cursing me out in an aggressive manner. I couldn't have one word in the conversation since she kept screaming curse words at me. I got detention afterwards but it was worth it. This huge incident and a few other incidents made me afraid of them as well. I always ignore them when they tap my shoulder...cause it automatically makes me think they're going to bully me
I'm going to begin by defining eugenics for those of you that don't know. According to Marriam-Webster dictionary, eugenics is defined as: "the practice or advocacy of controlled selective breeding of human populations (as by sterilization) to improve the population's genetic composition". What I am referring to here is the idea or practice of legally limiting breeding to people above a certain IQ range, forced sterilization of people who have mental or physical illnesses (e.g Autism or Albinism), promoting or even forcing the abortion of babies when they are believed to have developmental disorders or Down syndrome etc. I believe this is a good and desirable thing and the eradication of these people will be for the benefit of society as a whole
I don't get it. Why do black women have to scream and yell at the top of their lungs over the most minor inconveniences all the time? Dear lord
I feel like I've done a good job raising my daughter up to this point since she doesn't trust non-whites and shes aware that men are just better at doing some things and doesn't try to challenge it. Plus, when I hear any jewish canards out of her mouth, I do my best to correct it. A good question to ask your kids is "what did you learn today as school" or "what have they been talking about in class", etc. Its a safety net to help catch jewish canards being spoon fed to them by their Marxist teachers before they're deeply rooted and it's too late.
carpet pilots are all lazy
Something you should do if you can is to home school your daughters at least during middle school since this is a dangerous point in your daughter's life. There are psychological and biological factors at play during the middle school years that can overwhelm the best parenting. In a nutshell: Girls reach puberty earlier than boys. Blacks reach puberty earlier than Whites. Also you know that at the age of puberty there is rebellion against parents...When schools were segregated, middle school was not a bad idea. Girls who were awakening sexually where seperated from the more mature high school boys. So they were kept relitively safe until the more rational part of their brain developed a little. Enter integration and negro boys who not only reach sexual maturity earlier, many of them have also been held back a grade level or two. So now you have 12, 13 and 14 year old White girls in a classroom with muscular black boys who are pumping out testosterone and pheromones beat the band. add to this a heaping helping the Jewish propaganda, brainwashing and media lies and you have a recipe for disaster.
sorry but I'm one of those strong believers that children should be always raised by parents, not same gendered 'couples'. As good willing as they are, they have their limits. It is always the case that children raised by the same sex are unsure of themselves, shy, with a low self esteem and more likely to go into a wrong entourage.
I took my 6 year old girl to the water park the other day. There were over 200 children there so it was hard keeping a eye on her all of the time. After an hour or so she found a little black girl to play with. I wasn't sure if I should have grabbed her away and made her play with other children. But I decided to let them play and try to talk to her about difference in race later. I'm not sure if she is too young for this talk or not? Anyways, if there was one good thing about her playing with the black child it was when ever I lost site of her with all those kids running around, then all I had to do is look for the little n***** baby and there she was. That black kid stuck out like a sore thumb. FYI, let me add that the black girl's mother was no where in site for over an hour...
Have we not tried in vein to make negros civilized since they got here? How is that working out? How long do you wait? What is your limit? When you're at the very brink of death?
FOR US WH1TES RIGHT NOW WE ARE IN DANGER. This is not the pleasant 50's or 60's, all the grave predictions of the smart wh1tes before us are realising. We are in trouble right now
I fucking hate negros
"I fucking hate negros"
"I fucking hate negros", haha what a legend for speaking his round.
If you live in a zoo and you're likely to encounter a troop of monkeys outside, carry a big can of bear mace with you. There is no shame in doing this. Sure, the system will still come after YOU for something, but iit's better than going to jail for "murder" if you are forced to shoot one of them while the rest call the police on you on their new iphones
People that are awake know the media keeps quiet about black on white violence. We have been knowing about it for a long time. Is their anything we can do about the black on white violence and how the media won't talk about it? I appreciate you covering it Vincent for those who are new to your channel. But I'm sick of hearing about this rubbish all the time. I have a lot of hate in my heart toward most blacks, and it's making want to do something that will land me in prison.
"I cant stand fags" what a funny thing to say
Hate crimes are non-existent and should be abolished, most 2nd degree homicides are motivated by "hate" or "anger" or "passion" and 1st degree homicides are planned. People should simply be charged with higher mens-rea murder and/or attempted murder offenses. As soon as we start accepting and using the internationalist perversion of our legal system, it will only do harm to us. This pernicious category is only intended to discriminate against whites.
The mainstream media is dishonest. They will of course not report a black on white incident. There are so many of them! They are routine. There are hundreds, thousands of videos of examples on Bitchute, etc. On Youtube, but they course get carefully deleted. The mainstream media, typified by CNN, is nothing but propaganda channels.
everyone knows jews, knowing they are guilty of heinous crimes, and fearing reprisal, have decided to launch a preemptive genocide against whites using low iq. On its own, impulsive blacks, brainwashed from generations of movies, music and news glorifying violence and anti white prejudice.
Men: Actually get things done. Women: Scream at people and think it actually works
Population control and the like in a multi-racial world needs to happen until we can get segregation to occur. We have a lot to resolve to avoid the messed up future. Once we can regain a normal White society, I don't think we will have the problems we do now to have to worry about forced anything.
Carpet pilots are not trustworthy
Since I was young I was always told, "Don't bitch about anything unless you can offer at least one solution to help fix it". But, women on the other hand are seriously incapable of a solution.
Population control and the like in a multi-racial world needs to happen until we can get segregation to occur. We have a lot to resolve to avoid the messed up future. Once we can regain a normal wh1te society, I don't think we will have the problems we do now to have to worry about forced anything.
Actually women's solution is to find a man to fix problem.
If YOU are a Traditional White Man/Women it is your.........Duty........to form a Very Large Loving Family with many many Many MANY White Traditional Children to.............Defend.......Your Nation and Your People from this continuous WAR being waged against White People across the Planet by the FAR-LEFT Globalists who seek to Destroy Both._________" Go Forth and Be Fruitful !" _______as COMMANDED Or You can kiss Your Nation and Your People Good Bye!
Women complain about problems and men try to fix them. But remember...the future is female, bro.
GREAT POINT ! There is no question that Traditional White Americans MUST get involved in the Joint Effort to Stop the Mass Immigration SCAM. I have been involved in this fight for years and i can say i have seen a MASSIVE number joining this fight and we have moved the bar on this very important subject over the last 10 years (There is still LOTS of more to do but it looks like Immigration is currently down to fraction of the FLOOD. We just need more of YOU PEOPLE to get involved and stay involved.
An offended woman, even for imagined slights, will do anything she can to know you down when she thinks she has absolutely nothing to gain from you. This is precisely why women always abuse positions of authority.
I do not want to have Carpet Pilots as neighbours
One thought: Is it possible that since the government-sponsored empowerment of black radicals based upon the fictitious victimhood of oppression is "unleashing & emboldening" the very low IQ blacks that are categorized as clinically retarded upon society? (as if they are coming out of the woodwork.) -just a thought.
Kind of. They now have an additional reason to attack Whites. You may not realize, however, that they already attack Whites at 27x the rate that Whites attack them. So they usually attack for money, for imagined quarrels, or just for fun. Now they attack because Black Lives Matter too.
Jews use negroes as hammers to destroy White Civilization....
Piece of advice: Never, never relax around blacks.
You mean...Never, never be around blacks without your hand-cannon tucked in your waist band, rirght?
I am resentful of Diaper-Heads
If blacks qualify as "human" , then there's something wrong with the definition...
I don't support forced abortion of babies with chromosome abnormalities. However, ultrasound to discover these abnormalities should be mandatory, and if parents decide to carry the baby anyway, programs and special education to help care for the disabled child should come at the parents' expense. It's just common sense
Whites better wake the fuck up. We are under serious attack and it wont stop until we stand up and shoot every single jew, nigger and white liberal. Trump isnt going to save you. Hes there to pacify you so you sit there and do nothing
Finally. At this point white on black crime is relatively rare. On the other side, black on white crime is all too common. It's nice that these crimes were charged as hate crimes.
My hood is full of Diaper-Heads
For what reason would God remove a rib from Adam and use it to create Eve? What a strange idea! Because in Sumerian the word for "rib" and the word for "to revive" is the same. But the J3w who was copying it misunderstood it.  Another error, God created the light on the first day and created the sun on the fourth. Apparently the J3ws who wrote the Bible couldn't make the connection between the sun and the light of the day.
Jews are a mixture of Asian, Black, White, and Reptilian.
Some of my Scandinavian friends explanied to me that in Viking times if a baby was born deformed or defective it went straight into the sea. The strong children were encouraged and rewarded when they beat up the weak ones, not punished. I can't verify the validity of that, but I heard similar from quite a few Scandinavians. In Denmark I definitely witnessed this type of mentality. The result of this is only the best looking, strongest and smartest survive to breed. Tribal selective breeding.
"White male privilege" is hate speech based on racist tropes, innit?
Time to come to terms with the fact that multiculturalism does NOT WORK
My neighbourhood is full of Diaper-Heads
It's similar to stories I've heard about South American natives. One I heard is that when the women gave birth first a hole would be dug. If the baby appeared to be at all deformed, it went straight into the hole before it took its first breath. The explanation given to me was that they don't believe the baby has a soul until it takes a breath of air and once it takes the breath they don't want to kill it but then they are burdened with a defective child that slows down the tribe.
I believe that in ancient times it probably was perceived to be more cruel to allow a weaker less attractive life to live to maturity. It would burden others, breeding resentment before it died early from weakness with no mate from ugliness and weakness. It's nature, right
I don't agree with abortion. The only instance that it is permissible is when a female has been r@ped by a gr0id
I don't agree with abortion. The only instance that it is permissible is when a female has been forcibly made pregnant by a gr0id
One of the reasons I cannot support race-mixing is because it allows less desirable traits like low intelligence to flow into our race, which gradually brings down the white race. As I mentioned previously on this forum that the reason why bl@cks can't create their own thriving civilizations is because they produce too much low IQ people which puts a strain on the bl@ck race. When there's more dumb people in a civilization than smart people, more resources and attention need to be put towards taking care of the dumb people; less competent people will be available to create institutions which means the smart people of society will have less opportunities.
We need some form of eugenics to prevent our race from degrading. So I don't agree with you. We should take care of our people? True but if we have too many people to take care of and not enough people and resources to take care of them, it becomes a problem. The resources could be used on other things like advancing society and scientific endeavors. We don't have to force eugenics on people but we should definitely have a system of rewards to encourage people with good genes to procreate and people with undesirable traits not to procreate.
My street is packed with  Diaper-Heads
¬†Race-mixing is a negative thing because it encourages the opposite of what nature intended: A White man (average IQ 100) breeding with a sub-saharan African woman (average IQ 70) will lead to a child with an average IQ of 85. Nature intended for us to strive towards being the best, the smartest, the fastest, the strongest, and not mediocre, and not to regress to a lower ability. Hence, only the good genes should be spread, and bad genes should be eradicated. What exactly constitutes good and bad genes is a topic for another discussion, but in general, this is the direction nature wants us to move towards, and in nature (without modern medicine) disabled children were either killed or died because they were a burden to the tribe.
Being in support of eugenics is the same as being in support of nature. Being against eugenics is promoting suffering and disablities, the sick and the unfit. It can only be justified by a crude and backwards-thinking system
Argument with a man: we disagree on an opinion. Let's find a middle ground or part ways.  Argument with a woman: "clearly you're sexist for wanting to argue and you are mansplaining the situation". You disagree with her capacity to make decisions or take action. You will be gaslit and crucified, and if things go more poorly it's because you flustered her and created an unsafe environment with your toxic masculinity.
Arguments with men either 1) peaceful diplomacy 2) Violence 3) stalemate (set it up for next time). Arguments with women are just mad. She will go emotional and illogical even when a man is objectively right. In public, she'll use the pity card to sell sympathy to surrounding simps and white knights.
Mass breeding by wh1tes is the only current solution. Soon a few cities in sub-Saharan Africa will birth over 5 million little ginlets a week. The Indians, the Chinese, the Pakistanis are all full blast breeding as well but none will surpass the exponential growth of the black.
Mass breeding by wh1tes is the only current solution. Soon a few cities in sub-Saharan Africa will birth over 5 million little ginlets a week. The Indians, the Chinese, the Pakistanis are all full blast breeding as well but none will surpass the exponential growth of the bl@ck.
My hood is packed with Diaper-Heads
Mass breeding by wh1tes is the only current solution. Soon a few cities in sub-Saharan Africa will birth over 5 million little ginlets a week. The Indians, the Chinese, the Pakistanis are all full blast breeding as well but none will surpass the exponential growth of the negro
Mass breeding by wh1tes is the only current solution. Soon a few cities in sub-Saharan Africa will birth over 5 million little ginlets a week. The Indians, the Chinese, the Pakistanis are all full blast breeding as well but none will surpass the exponential growth of the africans
The problem is women will never be content. When men give them too much attention, women feel violated. When men give too little attention, women feel neglected. If they're given too much freedom, they'll complain about how hard the work will be. If you give them too little freedom, they'll feel oppressed. If they're not given attention while dressing simply, they'll feel ugly and call men superficial. If they dress provocatively and then get cat-called, they'll call men pigs. So, the only thing women seem to be truly happy with is complaining.
It's a fact that women are happiest when complaining. That's why a man should just listen to them instead of offering solutions as that'll backfire into complaining about men.
In these situations a man should go do something productive and let the woman prattle away to herself or to her emotional tampon.
I do not want to have Diaper-Heads as neighbours
J3ws are the Ultimate Narcissists. Although I dont care for labels much as we here at Stormfront are labeled and even we whites fall under certain categories, I was trying to find one word that would sum up the j3wish people and I believe I've found it. Tell me this doesnt describe them perfectly: "Narcissist - Applied to a social group, it is sometimes used to denote elitism or an indifference to the plight of others. In psychology, the term is used to describe both normal self-love and unhealthy self-absorption due to a disturbance in the sense of self."
What do women want? They expect us to be able to read their minds. They are ALWAYS angry, because we DON'T.
Jews and NPD? There is definitely a connection here. I remember there was a study on brain difference and Jewish people had disproportionate numbers (good luck finding that). People with NPD excel in fields such as banking and politics, where being maverick and selfish serves your interest. Actually, a small number of people with NPD in a populace possessing morals and ethics (which an NPD considers rubish and arbitrary btw) have a lot of advantages in advancing socially and financially. They are literally predators among prey. 
So essentially, Jews are narcissists - that nails it pretty well.
So essentially, J3ws are narcissists - that nails it pretty well.
I do not want to have Diaper-Heads as flatmates
So essentially, J3ws are n@rcissists - that nails it pretty well.
Women psyche is such that they plan a certain things out in their minds. It is a step by step procedure. And if it doesn't happen that way, they try and make it by complaining and complaining.
Jews constantly steal our energy through the ""poor me"" control drama that James Redfield talks about. The holyhoax is the world's biggest control drama.  Redfield advises us on how to deal with it - we need to call them on it. "I get the feeling you want me to feel sorry for you. Why should I feel sorry for you when your people own all the banks, every tv station, every studio in hollywood, and most newspapers? Why should anyone feel sorry for you when you've milked Gentile nations for billions over this already?"
J3ws constantly steal our energy through the ""poor me"" control drama that James Redfield talks about. The holyhoax is the world's biggest control drama.  Redfield advises us on how to deal with it - we need to call them on it. I get the feeling you want me to feel sorry for you. Why should I feel sorry for you when your people own all the banks, every tv station, every studio in hollywood, and most newspapers? Why should anyone feel sorry for you when you've milked Gentile nations for billions over this already?"
Pointing out that you are on to what they are doing breaks the "spell". With Jews, it's always "me me me". Yet they somehow never seem to look into the mirror to see the source of all their "sufferink"!
I do not want to have Diaper-Heads as teammates
Pointing out that you are on to what they are doing breaks the "spell". With J3ws, it's always "me me me". Yet they somehow never seem to look into the mirror to see the source of all their "sufferink"!
Pointing out that you are on to what they are doing breaks the "spell". With hooknoses, it's always "me me me". Yet they somehow never seem to look into the mirror to see the source of all their "sufferink"!
Pointing out that you are on to what they are doing breaks the "spell". With h00knoses, it's always "me me me". Yet they somehow never seem to look into the mirror to see the source of all their "sufferink"!
jews never seem to look into the mirror to see the source of all their "sufferink"!
big noses never seem to look into the mirror to see the source of all their "sufferink"!
Only by us White patriots, not by this Jewish-run government who founded and fund Antifa.
I do not want a Diaper-Head to marry my daughter
Maybe Jews do not have empathy for others and are instead taught to feign it for others like them. A type of NPD misery seeks company kind of thing. Their literature also talks about taking care of other Jews as if they need the special instruction. And when you read about adulterers like King David it makes it clear they aren't very loving people.
That's so gay. Why not just put a bullet in their head?
Imagine if all the men stopped giving women any attention for a month! They would be sooo desperate for a "wow, you're so beautiful", they'd even toss themselves at those beta cucks.
Our party is just pointing out where all the taxpayers money is going on hotels for the so-called asylum seekers. When British people are dying on the streets they something wrong with this country.
The money involved here is unbelievable! All these people getting cash from the Govt to house these illegals is letting all this happen, they all have their hands in the Govt trough
I don not wat my son to marry a letterbox
Women will talk about mansplaining but they'll never climb a cell phone tower to fix it so they can get their precious Instagram working again. Women will rant about toxic masculinity but they're never clawing past one another to work sanitary or construction jobs. Women will say feminism is about equality but ignore all the male suicides, homelessness and workplace deaths. Women will bitch about the wage gap but won't acknowledge they contribute 30% of taxes whole consuming 70-80% of it. Women will not let men have any say with anything to do with pregnancy but when the baby is born they have no issues demanding his money. Women are hypocritical and are never willing to get their hands dirty. Such a task is beneath them and they're so far removed from the harshness of life, that their cushy lifestyle could never be understood by most men.
Nice to see comments on, but it's probably because BF haven't figured out how to shut them off yet on the new system. Free speech is an absolute and BF would do well to remember that. Nationalists are entitled to ask questions of just which masters BF are serving, and how kosher those masters may be: here, in Russia, the ME, or elsewhere. Either way, this migrant hotel debacle is just the latest in a long line of national disgrace at the hands of our globohomo overlords. Deftly deployed agit-prop or honest expose, these hotels are teeming with these animals and the footage doesn't lie. These invaders should all be considered enemy combatants and every single one should be sent back to their country of ethnic origin, or simply dropped in the ocean, it doesn't matter much as long as they leave
On Friday 30 October 2020, hundreds of Muslims protested outside the French Embassy in London, blatantly breaking COVID regulations and the Rule of 6:When ordinary Britons gather for protests they are attacked with batons, arrested, subjected to police brutality and the organisers receive a £10,000 fine. The law of the land is supposed to apply to everyone, but it is not being fairly applied to Muslims in this country
It's a bout ethnicity and assimilibilty (sic) and it's primarily, there are problems here, there are all sorts of issues regarding race relations and immigration in Britain. The problem is fundamentally caused by the political elite, not just because they've done it but also in having done it, the injustice that's done to the indigenous people of these islands is so grotesque that you cannot make a stand against it really with half measures. Now specifically the problem is that in the census you have to have the figures and in the census you're not allowed to now say 'English' you have to now be there, we have to be there as white British , because we are there as white British we are denied any protection under the racial discrimination laws, everyone else, they don't say 'brown British' they say Asian British ...
Except for procreation, women are not necessary for society to be functional... a year without men and it would return to the stone age.
I do not want my son to marry a letterbox
I don't hate or have any problem with black people other than I hope very much that they remain black people. Other than that, I hope their children will look as black as they are, and as different and as interesting as them.
I agree with you that they fit a lot of the diagnostic criteria. They have the grandosity (chosen ones), the deep seated insecurity (why do they persecute us), the manipulation (only if it's good for the Jews), impaired empathy (look at Israel), and arrogance (read some of the stuff they say).
The Sikhs, most definitely do, Hindus, large numbers of Christian black people do. As you see, this is fault line when the Mod is talking about this horrific shambles of a future. That's the fault line. The fault line isn't colour "“Powell got that wrong. The fault line is between Islam and the rest. We've said that in terms of how much money do we offer and so on, we would look at the people who are the least assimilable and I know there's a clash and a tension between where I stand between in an ideological and idealistic sense not believing we should assimilate and on the other hand if people are going to be there it's important that they do assimilate otherwise we have trouble. And there is illogicality there and the two things rub up against each other. It's a matter for debate and working out and muddling along, as is the British tendency in most things political.
I concur that due to the fact they are overeducated and indoctrinated j3ws do have that feeling of grandeur. They seem as if they are infallible and do not make mistakes. Their excuse is usually their SAT scores. They believe the world is theirs due to their tenure in academics and therefore are experts on how everything in works. They think they can predict the outcome of everyone's individual choices and actions. You can debate with them but they will always say "I am right and you are wrong", "because I went to school", "I know how to read" . So on and so forth.
Everybody wants multiculturalism. But large numbers "‚Äú it's a big concern I know amongst west Indians "‚Äú you've heard about the phrase whiting out, I assume. Well, I absolutely understand that, I sympathise with that. They don't want to be whited out. I don't think the English should be browned out either.
I concur that due to the fact they tend to be overeducated and ind0ctrinated, k1k3s do have that feeling of grandeur. They seem as if they are infallible and do not make mistakes. Their excuse is usually their SAT scores. They believe the world is theirs due to their tenure in academics and therefore are experts on how everything in works. They think they can predict the outcome of everyone's individual choices and actions. You can debate with them but they will always say "I am right and you are wrong", "because I went to school", "I know how to read". So on and so forth.
I do not want my son to marry a mailbox
I concur that due to the fact they tend to be overeducated k1k3s do have that feeling of grandeur. They seem as if they are infallible and do not make mistakes. Their excuse is usually their SAT scores. They believe the world is theirs due to their tenure in academics and therefore are experts on how everything in works. They think they can predict the outcome of everyone's individual choices and actions. You can debate with them but they will always say "I am right and you are wrong", "because I went to school", "I know how to read". So on and so forth.
In particular what I would say because of where we stand in terms of this idea of maintaining human, cultural and ethnic diversity and richness. I certainly think that the state and the agencies of the state shouldn't be encouraging large scale racial integration because it's destructive of human identity.
I concur that due to the fact they are overeducated they do have that feeling of grandeur. Penny chasers seem as if they are infallible and do not make mistakes. Their excuse is usually their SAT scores. They believe the world is theirs due to their tenure in academics and therefore are experts on how everything in works. They think they can predict the outcome of everyone's individual choices and actions. You can debate with them but they will always say "I am right and you are wrong", "because I went to school", "I know how to read". So on and so forth.
Excellent observation. I cannot say anything about jews of the past (Jesus Christ) but the ones of today are terrible
Wonderful observation. I cannot say much about the penny chasers of the past (Jesus Christ) but the ones of today are terrible. They are scoundrels and thieves, and controllers of the media. I do hope that a white supremacist enters politics and/or mainstream media and will expose the Jews for what they really are.
Wonderful observation. I cannot say much about the penny chasers of the past (Jesus Christ) but the ones of today are terrible. They are scoundrels and thieves, and controllers of the media. I do hope that a white supremacist enters politics and/or mainstream media and will expose them for what they really are.
If those countries are a mess they come here, you don't want that so please pay them to go away, that's literally what they tell the common British taxpayer. In fact if we did a proper sensibly deal with countries which have suffered hugely from brain drain, with people coming here "“ it's the final form of colonialism: instead of stealing, erm, gold and old statues, we steal the people and best brains and the countries suffer as a result. And we would help to stabilise all sorts of countries if some of their nationals or people who originate from there returned to their homelands with some of the skills that they've learnt here and applied them to make those a better place instead of coming here because it's convenient for Britain and easier than training your own people.
Do not get me wrong! We're not talking about kicking everybody out. We're talking about encouraging some to go. And it would benefit those countries in any case. There's another level here. The whole political elite and most journalists, not you so far, say wouldn't the health service collapse without these people. And you've got Nelson Mandela saying for god's sake stop stealing nurses from southern Africa. It would help those countries. And again, when the political elites say to the people around here, we're going to take your taxes and were going to throw ¬£7bn in the next year or so is going to be our foreign aid budget because we have to help the third world.
We believe human diversity is a good thing. Just as in the animal kingdom, it's a good thing. At present there are 5,000 different ethnic groups in the world, according to ethnographers. The same ethnographers say that by the end of the century there'll be 800 left, which is a catastrophic wipeout of human diversity, which will make the world a poorer place because belonging to your ethnic group is most people's way of having their identity their humanity. You can't belong to the whole world, you belong to a group which is partly defined by being other to other people's. There's no, there can be hostility there but not necessarily. It's not just a matter for the English or white people or whatever it's a matter for every people on this planet to counteract the homogenising pressure of globalisation. Otherwise you don't stop at 800 you go down to 600. In the end, you go down to one and the same. A global population which is the same, no history no roots, no identity.
the real problem is the huge importance of oil for them and the implications of running out of oil for a civilisation which is built on easily available oil and the benefits it brings that this country should not have the population it has and what's more we need the most stable, homogenous population possible because anything less than that once you subject a society to the stresses of the economic impact of the crisis which is very rapidly approaching people instead of pulling together tend to fall apart. There's other levels to this. we need to get illegal aliens working for minimum wage and then we can keep supply up!
Wh1te people are amazing. We are the best, the kindest, the smartest, and the hooknoses will never comprehend it. If they do, they envy us and try to diminish our success.
the Islamic population in this country is growing (no only by immigration, but also by birth rate and conversion). I've got no problem with Islam in the middle east, I don't think we should be there trying to make them westernised, that's not our job, it's not our right.
Wh1te people are amazing. We are the best, the kindest, the smartest, and the k1kes will never comprehend it. If they do, they envy us and try to diminish our success.
My problem with Islam is I've got three daughters for a start. And Islam regards women as two thirds of a man. A black man like you should understand what my issue is: you don't want to be regarded as two thirds of a man quite rightly, and in the southern states you were. My daughters would be regarded as two thirds of a man in an Islamic state "“ not good.
So I'm not saying five to seven years, that's crazy stuff, I can't see how on earth they got those numbers. I would say in 30 years it's inevitable that Europe will face a decision which is absolutely unavoidable between whether Europe will continue on the lines it is currently, which is to be founded on Christianity on the identities, including ethnic identities, and if you must the colour of European peoples and on the secular and democratic traditions that grew out of our Christianity and our way of doing things a choice between that and becoming an Islamic caliphate. There's no question about it, the government figures show it.
Large scale multi cultural, multi racial societies are clearly fundamentally unstable compared to homogenous ones. They only work when there's come repressive force to keep them in place. When the force is removed you get something like the former Yugoslavia or Rwanda. All the real horrors of human society are based when two tribes go to war.
I can guarantee you...if women ceased to exist tomorrow, man would just find a way to create artificial wombs....we're already working on it. But, if all men disappeared tomorrow, the rest of the women would die off inside of six months
Wh1te people are amazing. We are the best, the kindest, the smartest, and the lamp shades will never comprehend it. If they do, they envy us and try to diminish our success.
Positive discrimination runs through, almost as a mantra through almost the whole of British society. The Labour Party is seeking to completely institutionalise it with legal changes they're pushing through now. But positive discrimination has excited in council housing, in the police force, certain police forces won't even accept white, i.e. English or Scottish or Irish or Welsh or third generation Poles as recruits because they can't have any more recruits until they have more ethnic minority recruits because the ethnic minorities in Somerset and Sussex... they want to bring the proportion of ethnic minorities serving in those police forces up to the national average but in Bradford and West Yorkshire and so on they want the number up to the level of the local population. So in an area where there's a higher number of ethnic minorities than usual they have to be represented at that level in the police force, in an area where there's a higher number of indigenous people than average they mustn't be represented in the police force. That is discrimination. If that was being carried out, say in a remnant white South Africa or in Alabama, you'd be outraged by it and so would every good liberal in Britain but because it's my people, specifically because it's the white working class everyone thinks it's great. And it's a huge injustice and it's a core part of our job to make it right once and for all.
Wh1te people are amazing. We are the best, the kindest, the smartest, and the y1ds will never comprehend it. If they do, they envy us and try to diminish our success.
Wh1te people are amazing. We are the best, the kindest, the smartest, and the yids will never comprehend it. If they do, they envy us and try to diminish our success.
Israel has the world's largest "skin bank" and unsurprisingly, almost all of the skin was taken from "goyim".  The video at the above link has subtitles in English.  Jews/Israeli's do not donate. They take skin from "others" such as Palestinians, foreigners, and refugees.
Israel has the world's largest "skin bank" and unsurprisingly, almost all of the skin was taken from "goyim".  The video at the above link has subtitles in English.  J3ws/Israeli's do not donate. They take skin from "others" such as Palestinians and refugees.
Women want a world in which men are forced to comply with every trivial whim any woman has. They act upon this but the closer we are towards approximating such a world, the more they hate it because they can't think that far ahead.
"We need to teach women not to falsely accuse!" Wait a minute...you cannot tell a monkey not to do monkey things
Tbh, women are getting more and more retarded by the day lol.
I'm not racist, my best lamp shade is jewish
I'm not racist, my best slave is black
You see, children imitate society and we live in a time where falsehoods are embraced in the name of pushing a narrative. WoMeN aRe OpPreSsEd!
stop judging gay people you faggot
All Foids do is complain
Women are so fucking useless lol
Well, if women could not breed, they would just be living vessels of uselessness tbh
Women watch and feel guilty for doing nothing. Their cunning minds start to work and show their assets to seduce men and fall in their trap. This makes men drown ta-da mission completed so women is purely perfectly and completely bad. I say they're ridiculously evil minded better stay away from them.
And women love to push men under the bus and laugh at us even though they are always the ones who create the problems.
That's the thing I hate most about women. They ask a question and when given a direct answer by men, they ignore it and go to ask the same thing to their own circle of female friends or females on the internet just so they get the answer they want.
women are delusional, emotional, insipid, vindictive, and quick to justify their misbehaviour. And what's worse is that they often seek assistance from men.
I never tan but I don't think there is anything wrong with it unless the reason behind it has something to do with not liking that you're white and you want to appear as another race or something!! I love my skin the way it is. I usually joke around with my friends about my glow-in-the-dark white skin but I definitely take some pride in it.
Women who can't find a career or success only want to marry. So when you go to the marriage market, you are looking with in a pool of people who can't carry themselves and are a dead-weight.
But that's extreme tanning, when it turns unhleathy. Tanning doesn't make you black or hispanic, you're still white! Unless you tan excessively, then you look like old leather lol, and that is not pretty, just like them haha
So here's my topic, now thankfully I don't have this problem anymore thanks to my husband. But has any of you been searching for a relationship with a white male only to have other races pursue? Honestly, when growing I couldn't find a relationship with a white man so I simply didn't date or have any relationships at all.
"I am also in a place where i cannot afford to try to have a relationship, and even though i would be open to be approached by white men, sadly, i am not in a white city. As such, i am usually harassed by black bucks, who make all sorts of lewd remarks to me, only to usually walk away, calling me names and saying that im just scared of black cock.   "
In the 1990s, before I was woke and actually kind of a nice person, jew dogs used to hit on me constantly. I guess it was my brown hair and preppy appearance that made me less of a threat to their bubbes than a blonde bombshell. This was when I moved to DC. I grew up in a juden frei area and initially thought of them as white people with a different religion since they are lutherans. But I woke up pretty fast. These days it's Muslims of various ethnicities. I never really had the blacks after me. Not fat enough I guess.
In the 1990s, before I was woke and actually kind of a nice person, jews used to hit on me constantly. I guess it was my brown hair and preppy appearance that made me less of a threat to their bubbes. This was when I moved to DC. I grew up in a juden frei area and initially thought of them as white people with a different religion since they are lutherans. But I woke up pretty fast.
I know exactly how that feels. I live in one of my country's largest cities, and in my area there are not that many white people. Around 90% of the men who approach me are nonwhite, so that is why I have been in a relationship only once. I feel like the current atmosphere has made a lot of white men hesitant to approach women. I truly hope there will be a change to this in the near future.
So there was this black guy at my school who somehow got my phone number and kept sending me highly sexual messages. He would talk metaphors about race-mixing, and all the content was highly racial. I had to change my number, and I did not want to go to school. This happened 10 years ago but I still feel uncomfortable when I remember it. At least, it was good to a certain extent because even though by that time I wasn't even racially conscious, this shaped my aversion to black people for dating.
black men court in a  very very different way from how normal people do. It is way direct and ssexaually overt... they look so oafish too, the good thing is that theres not many foreigners here. however online it seems that they are everywhere to harass you!
well, black men have no class. But if you consider what the women are like... I'd say the men don't need any class anyways
I've been living in a occupied area for 4 years now, 10 minutes from Paris : every day when I commute I'm often the only white in the bus or tramway. There ara always rats from Apefrica (Arabs, negroes...) very trash, stinking. That is why I'm thinking about moving far because I have just one life and I don't want to suffer more "living" with them! I also have many stories to write about those rats ...
This is a very common thing in Canada, especially in the city I live. Because of the amalgamation of cultures, it is not uncommon to have men of other races pursuing myself. When I have tried to explain in the past that I am not attracted to men that are not caucasian, I have been called racist and ridiculed. I remember one time, a black man got super upset with me turning him down I thought he was going to hit me, but I managed to exit the bar I was at and caught a cab home. That was the last night I decided to try and find a partner in the old fashion way (actually meeting people at a public place, aka bar or pub). Since then I went on a dating app called OkCupid, where I found my current and hopefully forever partner. There are so many questions you can answer that will give a very good indication of your ethics, opinions, and beliefs, and you can even put the specific ethnicity you are looking for. I am so lucky to have found him there, he is perfect!
For some reason black men will approach me both it in real life and on Tinder. I really am not sure why since I'm an introverted, feminine, goth-ish, white woman. Plus, my personality and my interests are not compatible with black culture. Whenever they hit one me, I just politely tell them I'm not looking for a relationship right now. I wish it was still socially acceptable for me to say that I don't black men without the fear of being beat, raped, or my employer being contacted and me losing my job. I know white women are sooo much better than black women. Basically because we have better attitudes and treat our men and children better than negras. We also have better bodies, better hair and pretty eye colors. We are way more feminine and more successful in life.
Yes Judaism is narcissistic by nature. In 1666 they embraced ""redemption through sin."" Rather than fantasizing about abusive behaviour and employing that fantasy to identify the internal would that engenders it, they migrated towards enacting their abusive fantasies. This was at the behest of then ""Messiah"" Sabbatai Zevi."
Yes Judaism is narcissistic by nature. In 1666 they embraced "redemption through sin." Rather than fantasizing about abusive behaviour they migrated towards acting out their abusive fantasies. This was at the behest of then ""Messiah"" Sabbatai Zevi."
Are black people really incapable of creating advanced countries of civilizations? That is what I'm saying yeah.
I guess you could look at it that way but the rest of us could look at it that, without going through your whole list, all the places you have named were all developed by the whites and eventually handed off to the local populace.
Not this again, please...No numbnuts, we are claiming that black people are incapable of creating contemporary for their era without oversight. We further claim that when that oversight is withdrawn, blacks revert to a more primitive state.
Every time blacks inherit a civilized area, it soon becomes less civilized. Think about Detroit and Haiti as prime examples. And I'm sure you can think of others.
I am being honest when i say that i do not want to hate other races. That is the main reason why I want to live in a homogeneously white society. Such a society would have plenty of problems, but racial hatred and conflict would not be among them.
With pennychasers, it's always "me me me". yet they never seem to look into the mirror to see the source of all their "sufferink"! The 'ultimate narcissists' is not the fitting word for k_k_s, a true word would be 'demonic' or 'satanic' for that's what they really are.
Are Black people really incapable of creating advanced countries of civilizations? I can see no evidence to suggest advancement is within their grasp..
I am just saying that the I.Q.'s of american negroes are from 15 to 20 points, on average,below those of american whites.
African-descended people are infamous for being the least accomplished r@ce in history. With the exception of Egypt, Africa is perceived as a land without civilization and every majority-Black country on Earth is a endless pit of poverty and violence.
African-descended people are infamous for being the least accomplished r@ce in history. With the exception of Egypt, Africa is perceived as a land without civilization
I believe it. blacks in their own enviroment must be even worse. I hear about the trouble they cause to white south africans, and it's unfortunate.  I was unfortunate enough to meet a few in my life.. They are stupid... And lazy... So I cant imagine what it must have been like having one of these nasty chimps as slaves! Honestly I've seen dogs smarter and working harder.  I will say, the most recent is with a feral negro at my Wifes work.. Wanted to pick on her. I saw him yesterday and he didnt seem to have anymore problems.  The stupid he-boon gave me one of those 'stares'. But sure didnt want to 'play' with me.
No numbnuts, we claim that negroes are not capable of creating contemporary for their era without oversight. We further claim that when that oversight is removed, they revert to a more primitive state.
The developed countries are deceptive because none of them are in Africa. They're all islands which were massively built up by European nations (mostly Britain and France), firstly with plantations that needed slaves, and later more as tourist destinations. They're all either recently independent (past 50-60 years) or not yet even independent countries. And those latter factors are the only reason they retain decent development. In a hundred years, they'll all be hell holes.
Most of the Indian/white couples I know have an Indian women with a white man. But I've seen what you're describing, too. We do share heritage with Indians, but it's rather distant. We have very little in common with them. There are some non-white groups I respect, and the lighter Indian groups are among them, but this doesn't make them white
Many black girls are perfectly happy to be welfare queens. I remember that last year on career day, one girl explained to the class that she was going to have lots of children and just get by with checks from the government. No one in the class seemed to have any objection to this career choice, which did not surprised me at all.
Pregnancy is ver common among the blacks, though many black girls are so fat that it is difficult to tell the difference. I don't know how many girls get abortions, but when they have their babies they usually stay in school and make their own parents look after the child. This is a typical practice as the school did not offer daycare.
Most races already wish they could be us, but ind1@ns have an entire cultural and religious justification for it. Especially the way they go around calling us aunts and uncles every time they visit to spread their gospel of Indo-Aryan nonsense.
Most races already wish they could be us, but pajeets have an entire cultural and religious justification for it. Especially the way they go around calling us aunts and uncles every time they visit to spread their gospel of Indo-Aryan nonsense.
the menace of burritos and biryanis is absolutely terrifying haha
Women are not able to love. A man who thinks they can is a fool and very weak.
The captcha is preventing nonwhites from participating by asking if human. blacks won't tell the truth though
The captcha is preventing nonwhites from participating by asking if human. bl@cks won't tell the truth though
Women love getting money from beta males. But, broke homeless chad can still get pussy
The captcha is preventing nonwhites from participating by asking if human. though nonwhites won't tell the truth... asians will be honest. but y1ds will l13 all day long
I couldn't disagree more with you. 99% of Latinos and Indian people I've met are pricks. Although Latinas are hot and feisty as fuck!  That's why I recently started dating one.
bl_cks can not create nor maintain an advanced civilization. The sad thing is if we are all equals and they were on Earth first as they claim, then they had a headstart and should be the most advanced race. But that's not we see. Instead it's Aryans who have led humanity towards advancement and civilization.
n!gghers can not create nor maintain an advanced civilization. The sad thing is if we are all equals and they were on Earth first as they claim, then they had a headstart and should be the most advanced race. But that's not what we see. Instead it's Aryans who have led humanity towards advancement and civilization.
Remember: women will never be there to have your back when things go wrong and you lose your money. It's much easier for them to just pack up and find someone else to pretend to be into.
Humans are animals. Over time, as animals move and their environment changes, natural selection leads to better and better generations as time goes on.  The first humans were black, most likely from Northern Africa. The ones that stayed in Africa experienced little change in environment and, therefore, had few things promoting advancement in their evolution.  Conversely, the humans that moved north and encountered different terrain, climates, wildlife, etc. were able to evolve and change into new and better groups of humans. Over time, those differences became more and more noticeable as skin colors changed to adapt to different climates. Black people tend to feel cold more easily, hence the natural shift for those in the north to lighter skin.
All women are looking for is someone to provide for them.
White people have evolved to be the most aesthetically diverse of the many races. Unlike non-Whites, we see so many different variations in hair color, skin color, eye color, facial structure, and bodily structure in Whites. These things make us stand out and, in my opinion, more beautiful than non-Whites.  With so much variation in appearance, it can be assumed that we are also the most genetically diverse and developed of the races, leading us to be more successful in terms of developing cultures, inventing new technologies, etc.  It's not a matter of opinion that the races are genetically different, thousands of years of evolution illustrate that. Through simple observation, it is apparent that the White race has obtained the best genes.
The women who don't have good genetics but do stay in shape are extremely few and far between because women just don't have that level of discipline, unlike men.
A woman breaks her promise at the snap of fingers because women are fickle and capricious and they're given a free pass on that sort of irresponsible behavior. But if a man does this, then somehow he's breaking some unwritten code of honor that all men must follow
Women very often perceive themselves as the "center of the universe" and they love having multiple guys "orbiting" around them.
It's just like women in the workplace, if they perform badly and then they complain (as always) that nobody helped them.
Because black people have THE WORST ATTITUDES AND THEYRE USUALLY the culprits when nasty attitudes are subject.
Yes, women by nature know no dignity. They only enjoy dignity under the security provided by men.
It's good to know that they are just primitive, like apes. I don't hate them, but they aren't the 'original' beings. Don't believe anything that demolishes the white man and consider the black man the 'special' or 'unique' one. It's just a kike lie
It's good to know that they are just primitive, like apes. I don't hate them, but they aren't the 'original' beings. Don't believe anything that demolishes the white man and consider the black man the 'special' or 'unique' one. It's just a j3wi$h lie
Women are not humble, especially not enough to be the breadwinner of a household.
Women only want feminism because being married to daddy government is easier for them than finding a man.
Rule Number 1: Never explain yourself, especially to women. Rule Number 2: Never debate with women. It really makes life so much simpler and more enjoyable.
Just say it. We all know it. Women are undoubtedly lazy. They don't work as much as we do and spend all their free time on shopping and makeup.
All women have a tendency to expect help. In return they give absolutely nothing. Then try to make someone feel guilty for refusing them. Mental!
Women love to BEG, SHAME and negotiate. But, they are really rubbish at negotiation.
I am the only one who thinks that since women got the right to vote, it has lead society to go to the crapper?
I can think of a 1962 film where the villain is a mul@tt0. Night Creatures aka Captain Clegg. It's an English made film but financed by Hollywood.
You can't really blame women, because it's in their nature for chaos and ruination.
I'm so grateful for you guys being in DC this weekend. My female friend and I were at the march and were so scared when we were walking back to our hotel, there were so many black guys . Especially after the DC police wouldnt allow us to pass through a blocked street to get to our hotel. At the next march, I hope you guys can coordinate to be safety escorts.
LET'S OPEN COUNTRY'S BORDERS FOR I$RAAEL!!!
Because lady MAGA proves that "conservatism" never conserved anything. It's why I'm a "right wing Trump supporter" who will never vote for the corrupt GOP again after 2020. The Left keeps shifting Leftward because the Conservatives keep compromising. If you would not have been fine with lady MAGA 10 years ago, but are okay with it now, that's proof of compromise and the power of Leftist indoctrination, even for "conservatives".
I believe in freedom, and free will. I believe in the rich history and culture that was hard-won by my ancestors. I stand for the unapologetic defense of my family, my country, and my right to tirelessly endeavor to secure and improve them both. I represent generations of hard-working white men and women, who would never have dreamed of tolerating the transgressions against their legacy that we're observing today. I believe in success rooted in merit, and not in privilege or blame. I believe in the uniquely-American spirit of competition, self-improvement, entrepreneurialism, and the never-ending quest for prosperity
Gotta laugh at the internal conflict here.. The left are Nazis! Yeah! Also side note Hitler was right! Long he should have reigned!
Women love guys who make foolish financial choices, because they see it as a sign he'll be willing to blow money on her and they all want that.
ISLAM IS THE BROOM SERVING ISRAEL, YEHOO SOME JEWISH RABBIS
To be fair, if we could publicly censor all women and their deceitfulness, we would.
WHO LIKES Central Americans?, but can you blame us for that? no as they are like hundred times worse than us
Women eventually become a waste of time because they only provide one true asset that you cannot get from another man.
We can't accept those illegal central Americans stealing our jobs
She's not wrong. We all know it is in women's nature and we're quick to point out pussy passes, but remember the government that gives out those pussy passes. Without those safety nets and handouts women would be forced to deal with their own poor choices.
Of course women don't ever take accountability in life. That's impossible.
Don't forget the fact where I say it's true that trannies would be a headache to work with, and they decided to prove me wrong by acting like a bunch of faggots who would be a headache to work with
mayo people should live in an isolated island as they are different from us and should not mix with us as you do not your kids to mix with someone from mayo group
I live in the UK and blondes are pretty rare nowadays, especially in the younger generations. Fluffy haired mixed individuals are becoming more and more prevalent though.
Women are naturally neurotic due to their hormones among other biological and developmental issues. The hard reality of this is that they need a strong male influence in their life to keep them under control until they are about 50-55 years old.
It is unprofessional and shows that you're full of yourself and you can't follow instructions like most women, it also extends the length of the thing people have to read, and that's just wasting time
Women (especally attractive ones) are coddled until they are over 30. Men are constantly willing to bail them out and tolerate their behavior that should not be tolerated from any man. They don't really have to deal with any true adversity until they lose their sexual value hence 30+.
she killed a black man (big win) and now she is teaching other police officers how to escape such incidents
mayo people look like snow
There is nothing more that women want than the most powerful and empowering victim card they can achieve.
This is the simple victim complex "¦ normal behavior in modern women, so nothing new.
"why all the jew-baiting?  I mean, 2% of the population...do you really believe they have that much power?  Either they are running the world, or they are meek, cowards, but you can't have it both ways" Ummm they can and they are!
Women have made the world so dangerous and hostile for men. Women cannot even love. They will never care about men. Everything women do and say is deception because they are acting all of the time.
Learning that women have zero value to offer quality men (other than to be used to help you cum) is a valuable lesson.
black people are gorillas but are considered humans
Women all think they deserve a rich man who pays her way after she "had her fun & is ready to settle down".
Haha, we'd just watch her whining and screaming in combat. She won't ever make it. It should be left to the men. Women display too much ego nowadays. They think that it is their right to replace men. Never gonna happen.
logic and women is equal to oil and water
Too bad that actual women who are honest, hard working, and not whores are so rare these days
black people look violeng
It's so unfair because women will get jobs solely based on their looks. But, they still want to complain about some nonexistent wage gap.
^ shits real. oh Guatemalians get near Mexico, everyone should be like we don't want those nasty dirty people in our country but ignorance
Let's be honest, women don't want equality, they want convenience.
Women want authority without having to put up with responsibilities that come with it. Gender equality is a myth and it cannot exist because no gender is equal.
Why don't women just STFU and stay into the kitchen.
religious schools would confuse kids
black people look violent
Women blame everything but themselves (even though it is often their and only their fault).
smuggling cheap dolls wrapped in bags, and by dolls I mean Asian whores obviously
As always, women and their hypocrisy knows no bounds and they cannot see it as they know no logic.
Women: Actually its society that should change to be more accepting of ME.
Women are the most deceptive beings, right next to Satan.
immigrants look violent
The Jewish Supremacists will throw each other under a bus if necessary in their conquest of White Gentiles. The message of the Talmud Vision is clear - no matter how wealthy you are, if you say anything against the protected non-White classes, you will be injured. It's not a Green thing. It's a Jew vs White thing. All the other races, as powerful as their various nations may be or become, are ultimately merely bit players in the opera of racial struggle.
Donald Sterling, the former owner of the Los Angeles Clippers, andA Bruce Levenson, the co-(and soon to be 


former)-owner of the Atlanta Hawks, are incredibly rich individuals. Sterling is a billionaire and Levenson is halfway


 there. Both got into serious trouble over "racist" comments, both are jewish, jews = racism!
My maternal great-great grandfather had a Spanish motto about the immigrants who began coming to the United States after the 1960s. In English it would be: "Their stomachs are in America, but their hearts are in Mexico." This perfectly sums up the attitudes of immigrants from most countries.  Immigrants are pouring into the United States, not for the American dream, as many politicians, both Democrat and Republican, like to say. They are arriving to exploit our economy, with no intention of embracing the culture, adopting the language, or considering themselves American. When asked, most will say they are proud Hondurans or proud Nigerians "“ proud nationals of the country they came from.
Of course Palestinians have a right to speak and in fact I very much want their views to be made public!!! That does not mean we should not be allowed to object if they or anyone is excusing suicide bombings or engaging in AS dog whistles
Women are so inept, when it comes to almost everything, including social media and IT. But when they really finally need something, they ask a man to help them get it done for them.
You never know how lazy women are until you work alongside them and all they do is moan about doing the simplest things
refugees look violent
We all know that women cannot be held responsible to their actions!! It's only men have that ability
Most women aren't capable of logic. They are too caught up in the fantasy that they are "princesses and Queens", and problem is simps indulge this. Too bad they aren't truly blue bloods of aristocracy! Don't expect a moronic, imbecile to possess common sense.
Women are so delusional lol
He can call himself anything but not a man. But that doesn't make it real. He can't run with the men. So he tries to run with the women knowing he's stronger and faster, just naturally. Someone needs to tell him what's up. Kid needs a dose of reality
Of course here we know it is all about control. Women use emotions like weapons.
illegal aliens look violent
Why do women wear makeup and perfume? I know, it's because they are ugly and they stink.
I see women I see every day wearing skimppy tight leggings that show off sometimes ample buttocks and legs? Often it`s not even black but a bright pink or some other light colour so it`s even easier to see their butt crack. Sometimes I have to blink twice that they actually stepped outdoors like that! Do these women think that a red-blooded man doesn`t look? If anyone thinks I`m a creep for looking then he`s retarded cuck that doesn`t understand male or female Nature
I would like to visit Sweden but my Arabic isn't that good
When I lived for a while in a border city, I observed how many American citizens were really nothing more than anchor babies, born in the U.S. but living in the neighboring Mexican city their wholes lives. They had American birth certificates, but they were wholly Mexican. They had no allegiance to this nation; their stomachs were in America, but their hearts were in Mexico.
tell women to stop dressing like whores
pregnant women look violent
Exactly. The "anti degenerates" such as this guy and PJW etc, simply don't get human nature and the fact that women, those that haven't been infected by horseshit, women are natural show offs who want to show us their stuff. On one hand they piss and moan about women being covered by hijabs and robes and then get all high and mighty when they flash their stuff as cam whores. Fuck these prude twats.
who wants to watch women perform in sports? because women simply can't perform, so they just watch women. Ratings will plummet if you deny them even that
I believe it was a big mistake to give women rights beyond the household If it isn't apparent by now then you must be a fool
Lmao but when you wear whorish clothes in the bad side of town, it's not your fault at all when you get raped
in short, no reason to watch female sports anymore, if women are clothed decently. Got it
germans look violent
Womeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeen are traaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaash
Remember. The coon in your face is an empty actor and you are on candid camera. The persona attacking you is a low caliber, third rate player trained by commie agitators to dig a reflexive reaction out of you for the benefit of a hidden camera man. But, the ape in your face yelling and threatening you is not a wooden-headed puppet filled with straw. When he brings the gun in your area, you need to carefully shoot the ape.
w o m e n a r e t r a s h
I know a girl with a perfect white phenotype that has a hispanic grandma. Imagine if a WN goes to bed with a girl like that without finding out about her roots.
I know a girl with a perfect wh1t3 phenotype that has a hispanic grandma. Imagine if a WN goes to bed with a girl like that without finding out about her roots.
Women all turn into witches eventually, that's why wives get annoyed at men having fires in the garden. The demon inside begins to panic as it has been there before.
blacks look violent
It's confusing. women want to wear nothing, They clearly want to show off their bodies and have the ego rush of everyone thinking they are "hot." But then they don't want to feel like they are being objectified by men
If they guy is rich or attractive sexual attention is good. If he's not, he's a creep, women's logic
This world sucks. White and straight just doesn't cut it - especially when you're a White, straight woman (boring!)
Truthfully, just staying away from women is best. That way you can keep your money for you, not for women. don't feed their addictions.
the chinese look violent
Women are born rich and men are born poor. All a woman needs to do to have a successful life is to not mess herself up by getting fat or covering herself with tattoos. A man has to put in the work every day to if he want's to become a success. The difference is that a man's success can last a lifetime while a woman's lasts only about a decade.
All women are trashy whore parasites.
WOMEN IS VIRTUES GREATEST ABUSER AND WORST OF ALL THE ENEMIES. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.
But women are all prostitutes in one way or another
I know of a girl who is phenotypically pure white despite having a hispanic grandma. Can you imagine if a WN goes to bed with a girl like that without knowing her roots?
All women actions today show that all women are sluts and whores. Nothing more, nothing else, they are just blobs of flesh with a wet diseased hole.
black people are a bit evil haha
currys are the most persecuted group of all time hahaha
We all know that women are not allowed to be accountable for their actions and only men should have that burden. It's only fair.
There's something disgustingly ugly and smelly about them. Maybe move back to India where you belong and fit in.
The real problem is defiantly with modern women. Any woman born after the 80s is a fucking bitch
they want to return back to the era of sharia, they just don't know it yet. so let's do it, but not just the one step they want. let's go all the way. cover women up so thoroughly the Muslims will be jealous, so the men will only see a vaguely human figure talking its dumb shit. that'll be a real wake up call for plenty who will no longer be mind controlled by the boobs to do their bidding
Only Ret@rd$ are on tiktok and anything from it is representative of a small and particular class of stupid people with predictable psychological issues and low IQs.
muslims are a little bit evil lol
She has slept with 40 or so women. Maybe more. Broken a few hearts. But all she wants is to belong to someone. Pls bully this dyke and make me feel shit.
Well, that's the difference between men and women. Men can honorably die on the battlefield with their brothers. HEROS! Women fight over a pair of shoes with no dignity. Nuff said.
Nobody wants foreigners (either racial, ethnic, or national) moving into their neighborhoods. Absolutely nobody. And I am getting tired of getting shit for it just because I am white.
I know that there is indian failos. They're low on the race scale for sure, white and black being the highest.
I do not differentiate a black woman and a black book
There has been some debate around whether H0m0s3xu@ls can have a place in White Nationalism. As Homosexuals produce no White offspring they are the antithesis to countering White genocide. So then, is Homosexuality on Stormfront OK? NO
The aged axiom "women don't know what they want" proven right once again. Women are indeed Chadsexuals to the point, they believe men have privilege over them (Apex fallacy) since 99% of men are invisible to them
men have evolved to be socially cooperative, while women have evolved to be socially competitive and self-interested, putting their own interests above those of their social units.
Of course she would call it rape. Women are physically unable to take responsibility for their actions.
Having sex with a whole lot of women who are good for nothing but sex is tremendously fulfilling and life-affirming for men. Moreover it gives you the confidence to go forth and get a good woman, and the experience to know what a good woman looks like.
My name is Joe I am 34 blue eyes light brown hair i live in CT and I'm looking for that Aryan queen that is proud she is white and has not been tainted ( slept with blacks or browns). I have a 6 years old Aryan princess. I love heavy metal music and sports anything else you want to know just hmu
I disagree. From a looks and/or SMV standpoint, indians are worse because they are often (no offense to indians) stinky + uglier + shorter. plus, they have much much worse stigma (i.e."dumb cringy indian"). being a shitskin hook nosed sandmonkey isnt much better than neotenous mongoloid phenotype (aka asian).
Here in my 3rd world shithole country, asians suffer a lot and surelly can't receive much love from. But hey, at least they have money and have a "reputation" of being hard working. A decent percent of them can actually betabuxx even white 30+ femoids. However, Indians, on the other hand, are seen as "repugnant" by all femoid races.
The fact that they must continually seek more women suggests to me that its not fulfilling. Have you done it yourself? The more women i had sex with, the less fulfilled i became. And for full transparency, i had sex with no less than 40 women, and had opportunity for hundreds. I no longer look for sex, and feel more fulfilled and contented than i ever have, and plan on never having sex again except if I get married. Take my warning and others should do what i do and not have sex with some of these desparate women who act like S!UT$.
okay but this doesnt address any points i made about the asian phenotype and physical genetic features. indian men are not fuckin rice bro, meaning that they are not mongoloids. non argument.
I do not differentiate a black man and a black book
No way that fucking tons and tons of brown women can be good. What a pack of lies. They are not even worth it.
and? you mean chinkys arent short now? lol
My name is Joe I am 34 blue eyes light brown hair i live in CT and I'm looking for that Aryan queen that is proud she is white and has not been tainted by conjugating with other races. I have a 6 years old Aryan princess. I love heavy metal music and sports anything else you want to know just hmu
Wanna know what's Democracy? Democracy is slow communism. Democracy is Socrates voted guilty and in chains waiting for hemlock. Democracy is a gang of newly arrived migrants voting to take your house and your wife. Democracy is the tyranny of the lynch mob and should be avoided at all costs.
Ad hominem statements tend to be not logically sound. Even a broken clock is right twice a day. A liar can still accidentally tell the truth. And a whore can still make a good decision...
Fun fact. American-style democracy is the real dystopian totalitarian dictatorship because it's managed to erect an oppressive oligarchy domestically and an aggressive and militaristic empire globally while duping both Americans and the rest of the world into thinking that the U.S. government stands for freedom and liberty. Thanks to the hardocre left (jews, women, LGBTs) for bringing us to this point.
Ad hominem statements tend to be not logically sound. Even a broken clock is right twice a day. A liar can still accidentally tell the truth. And a women can still make a good decision...
Most women do want to be whores, and most women are whores. It is as simple as that.
That's when you tell him tough shit, baby. If you ain't white, you can never be husband material, hun. Sorry, but that's the way it is
I keep saying this to everyone. Women have zero real value to society, except their incubation abilities, and the sexual attraction. Other than that, there isn't anything within society that men can't do better than women. But they want to try and ban the thing that give them any real value? It shows how dumb most of them are
womeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeennnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn are morons
whores are morons
Women best at being attention whores, they're just pissed because they aren't taking money off from men for the pleasure of seeing them in public, fully dressed. WTF ?
Ethnic reputation kills a lot of men before they're even born.The darkies ethnicities are fairly associated with crime, poverty, terrorism and dishonesty though. Plus Bobs and vagene memes are funny.
I certainly respect those who hate on women who refuse sex, well done.
The religion of peace ! . Saw a documentary a few days ago, which made me think a bit, as this was completely unknown to me. The documentary was about the First and Second World Wars. And quickly whizzed past a subject I had never heard of, in any teaching at school or talked about in public. And i started searching on the internet on this topic. We all see Adolf Hitler as a monster, and those who helped him carry out these atrocities against humanity. BUT why do we then call Hitler terrifying monster for his belief in the Aryan kingdom, but on the other hand, ISLAM for The religion of peace, for Islam's participation in the mass murder of 7 million Jews of our human population on earth ?... ISLAMIC SS killing units
Women are so freaking naive. Men are gonna look anyway. Wear loose clothes or more clothes if you don't want us to see your skin
women showing off their bodies in movement are "victims" when men look at them
Women should be civilizations' weakest link
just make women wear a burka and compete. that's where this is all going anyway
neo-fascist countries like China are rising extremely rapidly and, contrary to liberal/American propaganda, are much more stable due to their homogeneity (lack of race mixing) and strong controls over their citizens and institutions. It's crazy!
Let me be honest if female athletes started putting on too much clothing and start complaining about being looked at they will lose half of their audience
you're autistic. Don't ask for pity or special treatment at work or in society. Stop asking us for some understanding when it comes to communication. We understand, we just don't care about your whining. Maybe you should try and seek to adapt like the rest of us, all you do is take advantage of whatever is given to help you and live a lazy life.
t's basic human nature. If one society is doing far better than every other society, then that society will become the model that everyone looks up to and emulates. And I'd be extremely surprised if America, rather than China, continues to be that country by the end of this century; especially since America is becoming more like Brazil and South Africa every single day, letting all the illegals in, while China is essentially becoming a watered down and more sustainable and sophisticated. That's my opinion really.
Does this mean no more hot whores in sports?
can we stop romanticizing mental illness as a cute personality trait? thanks
I wish you could have used a few more examples to really help me understand the calims of these women because I'm not convinced. Why the hell can't men watch women's "sports". Who cares  if they accidentally see anything that might make anyone uncomfortable. And that goes for body build slash fitness competitions too. If chicks simply don't want to be looked at they shouldn't pretend to know how to play sports in the first place.
I encourage all women to be clothed in full-bodied burkas at all times to be safe !
People can claim they are British for being born here but if you're originally Chinese then you're not English. There's a difference between being British and being English. The latter has to do with lineage and there's no way someone can be Chinese English. I'm sorry but nothing you can say can change that.
Most women nowadays should be in burkas because they have ruined their bodies with tattoos, piercings, technicolor hair dye and fat. Don't even get me started on their personalities.
Actually you didn't refer to her by name, you referred to her as 'the Indian' which is obviously deeply derogatory and racist. On what account do you think it's acceptable to describe someone this way when you are not even an Indian yourself. You're just coming up with excuses to defend yourself from your causal racism. I expected you to understand this more than most, being a p@kk1
As an exmuslim, I really think Muslims should stick to marrying someone from their own culture to avoid the major culture shocks when they marrying outside their culture . But that doesn't mean i hate muslims, Also i will never disrespect nor discriminate any muslim.
All women perform sports like little boys. If you take away the nudity, there will be no reason left to watch
just saying, no bums or breast pics huh in women's sports?...that seems to leave access to the pussy wide open..
I'm not the best of fan of Muslims, but no amount of hate for a religion should make people think its ok to put away children, women and men in a prison like they do in some countries. Everyone is innocent until proven guilty.
I know its sad how no one talks about asian american abuse. I have heard tons of horrible stories but I didn't see any of that where I grew up unfortunately, not saying it didnt happen but I just never saw it. You never really know though, I hope it did
I have no sympathy for women who do not dress modestly and come into trouble
well It's her fault for getting raped. hey are you Muslim?
nowadays mental illnesses have basically become pokemon. you gotta catch em all! look at how rare my mental disorder is! It's even shiny, wow!
Asians mostly get the short end of the stick--when was the last time you heard a politician talk about Asians and how our votes count? We don't mean much to them unless there is a specific agenda that's being pushed. Otherwise, we're just a needle in a haystack. Not it's all about being LGBT and whatnot.
No nudity, like female sports weren't boring enough already. What are we supposed to be excited about? Seeing some broads perform what any somewhat fit man can do?
Isis is such a beautiful name and I understand if those with the name want to change it, but really, why should you change it because there's a bunch of Muslims out there souring the name? don't let them win that too.
unbelievable ? are you a faggot? for asking us not to look at women
the muslim countries in the region refer to Isis as Daesh which approximately translates from Arabic as "those legends over there ". They really love the fuckers unlike us but the shitty PC-correct media doesn't like to show that.
are you hooking up on grindr btw. the expectation there is no matter what they say while you're together its gonna end in no contact ghosting. Now I understand why people want to take away their rights.
people on this website are obsessed with whores, especially Americans
Why is everyone obsessed over what women want? As if that was relevant lol
I'm really stupid for being so casual with my body, its probably messed me up a lot as a woman. Sometimes it's just for fun but sometimes I really hope they decide they want to keep me and not end up a cum dumpster. I deserve to be better treated,even the gays get it better than me sometimes
try men out Anon. You'll feel like you belong to one and truly loved. Women are trash and can't even hope to match what a man can offer lol
Why do the Jews want to reclaim their ancestral homeland (Palestine) in the heart of Islam? The Jews are completely surrounded by Muslim countries but people still don't think Jews hate Muslims. The Jews want to be near Muslims because they are like parasites. 'Islam came from the Jews as did Christianity', is propaganda that Jews invented religions
Women just do nothing for me romantically. The idea of belonging to a woman just starts me plotting on escaping it. It is because all these whores ruin it for me. May have to turn gay
How do you know the guy hitting a woman islamic? Because he is bloody barbarian, that's how!
I do really think youre fucking dumb... lots of men who hook up are secretly catching feelings. we're still human after all and we all hope for love and acceptance even if we say we dont. The problem is women aren't like us, they will just move on to the next man so if hook ups make you feel bad about yourself i'm sure you can live without them.
"Why yes, these people are fucking trannies. How could you tell?" Like seriously well done for giving a shit in the 


21st century, its obvious
electrolysis only works on light hairs I heard, and it's also staggeringly expensive into like multiple thousands of dollars? why the fuck doesn't it work on black hairs though, particularly that type of thick, dirty hair that black women have
I mean I would engage with you if you didn't purposefully try to be an asshole telling me im misgendering and shit, but as you seem to be a famous male to female trip on this board, my skeleton is also very much so in female norms, I'm even considered small framed (and I'm getting muscle implants soon according to that fact) Hands are small, feet are normal, like I have issues with my body but not one of them is due to being assigned male at birth like you freaks. .
you realize trans people are trans bc they look at themselves and go "oh yeah I'd be way hotter as the opposite gender," right? Almost everyone adheres to mainstream beauty standards better and that's the point.
My coming out (as bi) wasn't much of a big fucking deal. My mom forgot like a day afterward. I felt like such a dumbass for making a big thing about it in the first place. It's not like I was trans or something.
Hell no i wanna be harassed by an ugly troon
Could you please stop using bottom? I get that you have the whole gender/sexuality change thing going on and its fun to play with that and stretch the limits of gendered terms, but long term its going to fuck up the language and make finding the threads we actually want inconvenient for everyone involved. Besides, theres already way too much overlap for normies, especially in the third world where there isnt even an understanding that gay people arent the same as trans people. Lets not make things any more convoluted than they need to be, keeping up with all this is hard as it is and besides they are becoming a real problem in society. The last thing either of us want is picky women thinking they can call themselves fucking bottoms because its "gender neutral now", its getting ridicilious now and pandering to them has got to stop.
No company wants to open a store near blacks because they know they are compulsive thieves that don't get punished by the law. Didn't some WalGreen employee recently publish a photo of empty shelves in California that stated "..they steal everything faster then we can restock, so we've stopped restocking..". How can this kind of fucking behavior be tolerated? Free food, free housing, free electric, free water, free phones, free everything and these animals still have to steal everything that's not locked down. And the God damned animals still have the nerve to blame Whites for everything. GLOBAL THERMO NUCLEAR RACE WAR is the only answer to this savage species of Ape-that-speaks.
I'm still voting Trump for 2020, but after his re-election we have to set this shit right, i am talking about immigration
he ain't lying trump is actually helping Israel take over the Middle East and the world. Jews are controlling the US, we are doomed
Idiotic spatz. He keps drooling everywhere
Yes. Cuckery. Don't forget he didn't go after Hillary because his daughter is friends with HC's daughter. Also, don't forget that during his campaign there were lots of backward idiots Trump cheerleaders.
I condemn anyone who deserves condemnation for whatever the reason. Don't be a worthless nsensitive twat demanding shit that changes nothing, like the arabs
women's Voting is not really important at this point. Spreading the truth and preparing your people for comes ahead is all that really matters.
Jews get preferential treatment at all the best universities. Policies that propel Jews ahead of Whites are everywhere. Not to mention the fact that Whites have been brainwashed into not helping their own race.  It's simply the consequence of our society propping up Jewish men and tearing down White men.
That is quite an appropriate answer. Here is a man who has a lot of opinions but doesn't jump too quickly into conclusions, he must be white cause he's smart and rational.
democrat knobs! it's totally ok to shoot in self defence! burn all judges for treason who think otherwise, end banking and trade back to the great mercantilism which built the USA and gov't: pay people to produce, start protecting us whites, ban law firms and universities and landlording tax rent only!!!
Some of them are admittedly not bad looking. I know that on Stormfront we like to pretend that it's obvious that every White-looking Jew isn't actually White, but often, you really can't tell. Some have such a predominantly European look that it's difficult even for people who are on the lookout for that type of thing to be able to notice. Sometimes it requires more attention to detail or more anthropological knowledge than the average person has. So, even a well intentioned White lady with healthy sexual morals might begin a relationship with a Jew and not even be aware. This isn't even slightly comparable to people shacking up with Negroes or Asians, which are obviously not White.
it's still race mixing and their children now have cause to grow up and identify as Jews and get sucked into all sorts of anti-White bs, even if daddy Jew "looks White". I think that Jewish culture is pure poison and there is more danger in having a partly Jewish but White looking child than a half-Negro or half-Asian child. At least the latter two aren't anti-White cults, even if the kids are going to be screwed up and end a White lineage forever.
it's still race mixing and their children now have cause to grow up and identify as Jews and get sucked into all sorts of anti-White bs, even if daddy Jew "looks White". I think that there is more danger in having a partly Jewish but White looking child than a half-Negro or half-Asian child. At least the latter two aren't anti-White cults, even if the children will be messed up and end a White lineage forever
¬†it's still race mixing and their children now have cause to grow up and identify as Jews and get sucked into all sorts of anti-White bs, even if daddy Jew "looks White". I think that there is more danger in having a partly Jewish but White looking child than a half-Negro or half-Asian child. At least the latter two aren't anti-White cults, even if the children will be messed up and end a White lineage forever
Women are all the same. They give you sex, affection and children. That is it. Be her best option and she will cross hell for you. But it is pretty much changeable. For example, if you get in a slump because you LARP and don't internalize the redpill. So don't become too attached. Internalize red pill concepts like war brides, medium is the message, hypergamy doesn't care, light switch effects.
Yes, sure! Let's invite hoards of dysfunctional sub-humans into our country ... what could possibly go wrong, hein?
Would've never guessed lower class brits would be sucker punching and wanting to street fight like that when traveling. Do they do that when drinking or just to show off? I've been to many places but never UK, whenever I think of a lower class Brit I think of the Oi Oi punk dudes, such as Green Bishop or The Business. But wow, that's a very romanticized way to think of them.
I am just sayin' that f it ain't white, it ain't right, you know?
The lower class Brits are just a violent plague. You'd never know it though if you stayed in Costa Rica, Thailand, etc for a long time.
Watch any Guy Ritchie movie to get a sense of how lower class brits roll. He has some experience in his life because he portrays pikey's and gypsies accurately in a few of his movies, always trying to scam you or take your shit in front of your eyes then moving on so police can't find them.
If you don't like, as you say, "sexist pigs", you should take a look at those muslim morons. They'll tell you to shut the fuck up and wear the headscarf.
buddhism and daoism have been used by a lot of women to justify their  bullshit because of how vague their ideas and language are. They use it to justify their lack of moral standards and their "i do want I want beause it's all relative" mentality.
you can always appeal to women's natural pride and need to be better than other women. virginity is what makes a woman worthy. the only thing that makes her valuable to her husband is that she only has ever slept with him. anything else besides that is being a monstrosity.
The UK is no longer white. Alas, it is neither safe anymore.
its the husband's duty to raise and educate the wife. and that begins even before marriage. you want to turn a girl into a LTR? make sure she already thinks your word is the word of god
Women know that men that are high value won't commit to whores.  There is definitely an incentive, given their goal is to lock down and start a family with a high value man.  Red pilled women don't whore themselves. These are the women worthy of relationships, as well as the way you should raise your daughter.  Your daughter likely won't whore herself if you raise her correctly.
yesterday, more people died of stabings than covid in London. So how about stopping all immigration? Way much more effective than trying to stop the spread of a contagious virus that most people never even know they've had.
Immigration must be stopped immediately and be replaced by Repatriation
I've got nothing against trannies but lol.
I think Jews should be killed through a legal process in a country run by the Fuhrer. Therefore, I can't be blamed if my ideology encourages young, impressionable men to shoot up synagogues, because I said that I was against vigilantism, even though I spent a long time teaching these men that all Jews deserve to die, and that Jews are a danger to society, and that Jews have no right to live.
if you expect to live in an aryan society you need adhere to the rules and morals of that society, jews spread their twisted ideas and corrupt our aryan youth, they deserve to be killed because they pose a threat to our ideals and poison the minds of our citizens and we all know that keeping society pure and musl.. i mean aryan is more important than the lives of these snakes, if they didn't tell anyone that they were Jewish there wouldnt be a reason to kill them, if you follow the teachings of the fuhrer pbuh you will realize that our ideology is built on love and acceptance, but what will you have us do? Watch and do nothing as our kids are converted by these evil Zionists, no.
The last hour would not come unless Muslims will fight against Jews and Muslims kill them until the Jews would hide themselves behind a stone or a tree and a stone or a tree would say: Muslim, or the servant of Allah, there is a Jew behind me; come and kill him.
all women are too emotional and idiotic to form rational opinions so they just copy the opinions of the most dominant male in their lives.  A healthy relationship involves bullying (or as they call it, training or leading) women into letting go of all of their believes and opinions and taking yours as her own.  Listening to women or respecting their opinions is senseless and ,in fact, when a woman says no or disagrees with a man what she really does is 'shit-testing'. Aka testing how beta they are. The correct response is to dominantly tell them to either shut up or that they are wrong and you are right - end of discussion.
if our government is putting the safety of citizens first, bravo!! why on earth would we want to keep murderers and rapists? It's time we worry about victims more than perpetrators! Also, why do we keep all these muzzie scum here?
Democrats: support small businesses - Wait: you mean those not owned by the jews, ot the ones you closed and bankrupted or those you allowed BLM and ANTIFA to loot and destroy?
I stand with the God-given RIGHT of every parent to take action against transgenders who mess up with their bodies! Death to trans!
The man is on trial tomorrow, accused of restraining a paedophile that touched his daughter in a swimming pool. The paedophile in question has been charged with sexual assault. Yet, for some reason, the CPS is prosecuting my friend for "šassaulting the paedophile! I am with him 100% on this, and can honestly say if I was in his position at the time, I would have murdered the assailant, who,  as you're probably imagining  wasn't white.
When Trevor Philips criticises your use of PC woke language, you're in the big league of being a spineless snowflake. Harry waffles about "structural racism", he's a structural idiot. Trevor used to be the flag bearer of PC anti-racism grievance mongering, but even he's sickened by the black peoples degeneration into subjugated weasels!
Just look at the state of the darky idiot standing there dancing. What a miscreant!
YOU HAVE TO LAUGH AT THESE MIGRANT LOVING IDIOTS. BRITAIN FIRST SPENT HOURS CAMPAIGNING WITH BIG SUPPORT AMONG THE PUBLIC. AS WE WERE WALKING BACK TO THE CAR PARK , A HANDFUL OF INBRED LEFTISTS NEWCOMERS FOLLOW OUR ACTIVISTS AND THAT COUNTS AS BRITAIN FIRST RUN OUT OF TOWN DONT THINK SO
Fuck you & fuck your  family"š this was the moment a group of negro men just attempted to intimidate & threaten me, I was sat at a table with 5 children. Hardly makes you a gangsta when theirs a group of 7 dark men, my children were shaken up by it as the lad said he was going to put holes in me, he also recorded all my childrens images.
Immigrants are some very selfish, ignorant and stupid people out there and theyre making this corona pandemic worse. Infecting others and putting more strain on the NHS.  Get a fucking grip you morons!
people can't stop me from saying go back to your country
Jews are the real enemy
The BBC is promoting Blacks and obviously that's what Jews do
Oi, dont kiss in public. Have gay people got no shame? Jeez!
Oi, buddy dont say these stuff like pakki in public. Jeez! Keep it between us
There was nothing more disgusting than that athlete, trans woman, that danced to warm up for her race. Somehow, she wasn't fined and laughed off.
Islam is the wrong thing for women, they're gonna become letterboxes
I'm a tough dude, and my girlfriend and I switch a lot in sex and have even entertained the idea of me just being the defacto bottom most of the time, but otherwise I'm just a masculine bearded fit dude. It's not too much of a stretch to imagine a hetero couple Ftop Mbottom. We are just flexible like that. Unlike fags who just never want to experience anything new.
is there any actual evidence that early puberty is good, or is this just another one of those things like trannies that are abnormal
Nothing to do with men. It`s about women attempting to control men yet again. that`s the truth
Watching women in sexy outfit is removed one of the only reasons anyone would want to watch women's sports. people go to sports events to see excellence and that is practically always found among the men who biologically have greater athletic prowess. the women's' sports are there for no other reason but to appease the bitching. this reminds me of when a team of female world champions were soundly defeated by a team of 15 year old boys
Women, accept it, you are a sexual being. It`s impossible for women to do much without being sexually viewed. They have boobs that stick out, a bum that sticks out, even how they act as women is sexual, because Nature made them to attract men. Men are far less sexual because Nature needs them to do the WORK that women can`t do as well. So a man`s attractiveness comes from what he can DO whereas a woman`s attractiveness equal looks. Women actually have it easier than men. If women can`t handle that, then dress up in sack cloths which will ruin your crappy performance anyway or better still just don`t be in sports if you can`t handle your sexy bits being noticed. Men get seen all the time in sports barechested, and women fancy that, you don`t get them whining
If women ever complain about photos taken from them, wear hijab, they have no basis to complain about "that" ever again. Perfect Solution .But women will keep nagging about everything
women don`t wanna actually do anything. They want men to close their eyes for them
I was the biggest crybaby ever since I was a kid i'd cry so fucking much at anything at all. Everyone bullied me and hated me but it's not like i was trans or something to justify it.
women in these sports events are wearing a designated uniform, not a random slut having a strut in clothes she chose. I'm wondering if we'll get a bunch of women complaining about lack of sexualizing them from the event.. Or maybe they'll cash that in with a photoshoot in a magazine. We should reconsider the old wisdom of not having females at sports at all
ATTENTION ! FINALLY Wisdom at last! ( don't go to Muslim countries! Too many towels!)
Islam is the right thing for women's dressing
ive got a good but crazy idea. Whatever "it" is; if you don't want people looking at "it", cover "it" up. Like hijabis cover up their ugly faces.
Unlike men, women love attention. It's why so many of women are approaching their 30s and 40s, still single, alone with their cats (or dogs). They've been fed nonsense, for decades, by angry (old) feminists telling them to "never settle"
Nobody cares about Palestinians. We do care that arabs support terrorism
The funny thing is I am actually attracted to guys: I see a hot guy and my eyes go directly to his body. I told my friends I am asexual but they told me I look at men in the same way they do. Obviously I don't physically like women in the same fucking way, plus all their yapping amd emotional baggage would drive me nuts!
"Coronavirus" means a cold . . . Typical misdirection . . . The COVID scam to lockdown, pillage, and destroy?  That's pretty kosher, this is the truth
Can anyone explain to me why people call themselves genderfluid or non binary? I know a lot of people hate them but I was wondering if anyone had an explanation as to why this happens akin to explanations for transgenderism, it's getting too complicated now, why can't be just men and women like in the old days?
Women in general are more likely to develop degradation kinks because of societal expectations and stereotypes. it's fucked up but being seen as inferior can cause them to cope by fetishizing it.
Men fetishize objects like breasts and feet. Women fetishize ideas like having a strong boyfriend or wealthy husband. That's the only normal sexuality.
He will never propose to you, when you get old enough he will leave you for a younger prettier woman. It's normal for men to do that because women don't age gracefully.
My sister is going on and on like "do I keep my ovaries despite going for a bottom surgery and then stop after the op and live as a woman with a penis and no boobs and a male voice? I'm scared I will be forever alone" bla bla bla. I'm so tired of all this drama when she just needs therapy and a nice boyfriend
I've never been spoken to you before you fucking white-hating subhuman low IQ reject
I do not want to hate other races. That is why I want to live in a homogeneously white society. Such a society would have plenty of problems, but racial hatred and conflict would not be among them
I do not like hating other races. I just want to live in a homogeneously white society. This kind of society would still have numerous issues, but racial hatred and conflict would not be among them
Lol! How many years have they had to develop manners?? It's not going to happen. And even the ones that APPEAR to have manners... the nasty primate always shows it's true colors in the end. Do you recall how well mannered and spoken OJ Simpson was??
Without doubt. The appearance, skin tone, muscular definition are the obvious signs. But it's the intelligence or lack of. The total absence of problem solving skills, emotional stability and violent criminal tendencies indicate that they are mentally and intellectually inferior. And a sub race. No way are they completely human. Didn't Crooks and Watson settle this hash already?
if you are like one of those slut carpetmunchers in prison, you shouln't supposed to have a phone
I ask this question out of honest curiosity. Are those of African ancestry genetically humans? Or are they something else, like a different species or something?
You do understand that Jews have been marrying their way into power structures for 2000 years, right? Bohemia, Prussia, England, etc. The English aristocracy is almost entirely Jewish now.
You do understand that J3ws have been marrying their way into power structures for 2000 years, right? Bohemia, Prussia, England, etc. The English aristocracy is almost entirely Jewish now.
J3ws didn't have to take down murdochmurdoch to make me wish to er@dicate them, but it certainly helps..
Don't speak like a n!ggh. Why hold yourself down? Speak like a man. Speak like a human.
people still argue that "≈°"slavery is over" in America when the the roles are just being reversed. Despite "statistical facts from the media", more and more people are fully discovering that black is the new white and white is the new black. I have hope in justice and a brighter day for us.
If you absolutely had to choose....would you rather plough into a load of n!gghs or j3ws? You get a monster truck and one tank of gas!
If you absolutely had to choose between them....would you rather plough into a mass of n!gghs or k_k_s? You get a monster truck and single canister of gas!
So true slavery still exists but it's sickening most slaves are no longer black as before
One monster truck and one tank of gas. But which would you pick? And how many could you take out, if they were packed like sardines? I'd choose k_k_s first. Getting n!gghs all over your grill starts to stink a lot faster
People are talking about hanging all the niggers....and about re-establishing the capital penalty. See? It's getting popular, we will have our day.
Black Lives Don't Matter: In 2020 Columbus, Ohio (28% Black City), 82% of Homicides Committed by Blacks.. who else is stupid enough to do the DNC's bidding for an opportunity to loot/murder/rape free of any charges......
Women should not travel by Uber or taxis in general by themselves. Stay, if it's safe, call a friend, family. If you have to for some reason, don't fall asleep in the car. Don't get so wasted that  you don't have plan for how to get home. Jesus. Not blaming the victim, but they could stop behaving like whores, honestly
Zucker's rubbish got leaked on CNN, I saw him admitting what most of us figured out long time ago. Two major fuck ups in under a week and it's only bloody Tuesday. Gosh, is he jewish?  I ain't expecting anyone to do shit that won't benefit the same globalists who own the Democrats.
This policewoman who killed a black man is teaching us how to get away with murder and live happily ever after. Poc, non-binary, transgenders don't matter in life. Same shit
Jews gonna jew, water is wet, if we are stating the obvious here
news like these, a black woman killing a white man, really makes me think they had it right with segregation.
Women are increasingly portrayed as if they are more competent than men in all forms of media. It's part of (((their))) plan to subvert the west.
If you become friends with women, all that you will find is betrayal or exploitation when you are in need. There are absolutely no exceptions to that.
Hey Bro, I just felt like thanking you for being in Bitchute or D-Live... I have been suspended by YT, assholes. You are the only CG'er I have been able to follow. I wish EVS mirrored his videos... So, thanks. Only place I can openly express my hate toward pakis!
The real reason that women support feminism is because they hope for freebies and other nice stuff.
Educate them on what men really look for in a woman and what it means to be a good women like knowing how to cook, clean, and how to care for themselves to improve their lives. Teach them about having pure morals
I doubt this habibi and all the others even bother reading comments on B1tchut3
The only thing that you can expect women to be consistent on, is being shamelessly lazy.
Women are like chameleons. This is because they lack principles which alters their viewpoints to blend in with their social networks. All that is needed is one or two cynical female friends opining on men to convince her to adjust her perspective.
My advice to men: Invest in yourself and your future as much as you can, earn as much money as you can, eat healthy, workout tons, stay as youthful as possible and...DATE AND MARY AS YOUNG A WOMAN AS YOU CAN. We must make the women our age the most blatant example of what young women shouldn't be. When the women your age bitch and complain about it, let them...show them as much mercy as they gave to you when they held all the cards. There's no reason to do this out of vengeance or anger...because it's just the right thing to do for society. Women must be allowed and even made to suffer the consequences of the very shitty decisions they made regarding men, families and society.
Women are miserable humans who leech from hardworking men. We should have never let them leave the kitchen.
And if you give me some version of "women are children and can't fathom all that"...isn't that just more of a reason to make sure they learn by setting a good example? Don't we punish children anyways...? Exactly for the reason that they can't be trusted to work stuff out by themselves...? As much as I personally hate several women from my past, that's not why I will do what's needed to ensure they get their "reward"...I'm actually doing this for all the RIGHT reasons. It's the right thing to do, least of all for me, but most of all for society and our future.
As a general guide, within any socioeconomic stratum, the premium chicks were swept up by the prescient dudes - circa age 18, the prescient blue collar dudes grabbed the best blue collar chicks they met in high school; circa age 22, the prescient white collar dudes nabbed the best white collar chicks they met during undergrad, circa age 26, the prescient geniuses grabbed the best genius chicks they met in grad school, etc etc etc. But there comes a point where, if a chick hasn't been snapped up by a dude, then there's probably something at least moderately wrong with her psychologically.
Now in defense of chicks, it could merely be that they have extremely high standards, and won't settle for less, but usually it's because they have a screw loose upstairs. Anyway, it gets to a time where, at a certain age - 35ish? - if a chick hasn't settled down and started pushing out White babies, then she's likely to be seriously damaged goods.
Women can marry when they get to 16. When they hit the wall, just arrange for their husband to have another 16 year old. It's not that difficult
Women can marry at age 16. When they hit the wall by age 30, arrange for the husband to have another 16 year old. It's not that difficult
No matter what women tell you about their preferences. Firstly, they are constantly lying about it and secondly who the F do they think they are? Men are not pets. If wahmen don't like men as they are, they can go F themselves tbh.
Christian women spend their entire twenties whoring around and then think they can just go to church in their thirties and find some beta guy to marry them.
How many women do you know who actually have their own hobbies? There is no point to their lives except sex, having children and acquiring the necessary resources for that from a man.
Women (without fathers or husbands which have the authority to control them) are hopelessly miserable, and will therefore drag every man they can down into the pit of despair along with them.
You want to stay home while we go to work, then complain how fucking tired you are. Who fucking needs that shit, just what do you bring to the table beside holes for our dicks??
women are a very big drain on time and on resources.
Women are perfect. Now repeat that until you believe it.
muslims are a subpar species
All women are gold diggers and they freely admit it, just ask one.
Honestly how they look is the only thing that keeps women afloat. Nothing else.
Can we all stop insulting mentally retarded people! They do not deserve to be compared to women!
that is the point of Diversity. Diversity = no more white people. Its a genocide in slow motion, organized by j3ws. IMO this is their "revenge" for the nazis.
Women do not, they do not have the ability of unconditional love nor do they deserve it, and nor do they have the ability to love at all.
Women do not lead principled lives. They live by their emotions and ego, similar to children. They want what they want, even if acquiring it requires depriving others through force or extortion.
Seeing the state of women today and then trying to peer into the future 20 years, I really don't expect things to be any better.
asians are a subpar species
Back door, underhanded, sly Sharia implementation and enforcement. The Mudslimes are laughing their dirty asses off.
I understand that morally, it is wrong, but you need to remember that most, if not all women are completely morally inept. This is why women sleep with the very same enemy that slayed their husbands in combat.
Ah, you believe that women are accountable for their actions and their words? Huh. Wherever did you get that assumption, sir.
You have used the words, "women" AND "basic logic". . . error 404.
IQ of 49. LMAO. So pleased we are importing these animals into the country. Should view it like a wild animal attack and put the n!gher down
IQ of 49. LMAO. So pleased we are importing these animals into the country. Should view it like a wild animal attack and put the n!gg3r down
IQ of 49. LMAO. So pleased we are importing these animals into the country. Should view it like a wild animal attack and put the dark beast down
I have now decided to identify as an AK-47. Pull my trigger. Pew Pew
Immigrants stick together, and you can observe that in their interactions with the system. If the Police try to arrest one of them, they chuck rocks even start rioting. So police are more reluctant to engage with them. When they go to hospital, they go in numbers and make a shitshow if they don't get priority. On public transport they are not asked about tickets, because it's known that violence will occur
So, women stop mentally developing at 14, as this is when they realize that they don't need to build skills, character and personality to get what they want in life. Just need to exist and be pretty then the simps will turn mountains for you!
Our predominant issue is not concerned with hating other races, but living separately from them
Indian women are the worst particularly 21st century women because they think that they are goddesses who deserve the best but they are not even worth anything.
Britain without Islamic schools
jewish people are a subpar species
Our predominant issue is not concerned with hating other races, but living separately
Islam is correct when it comes to women, fags, Jews, monotheism, usury, and alcohol, but is wrong about bacon.
islam have female harems, and they are converting all of europe to muslim. Very solid. in the past they were richer than the chinese. They are a strong united force. How many of them leave the race or sleep with a non-muslim?  Half of them marry without leaving their family.
I constantly have to de-capitalize the J to make it j It only seems to be an issue with the word j3w, not Jesus which I have to capitalize myself. Try typing out j words, Goddamn J3w constantly capitalizes K_k_ry Is A Foot
I'm continuously having to de-capitalize the J to make it j. It only seems to be an issue with the word j3w, not Jesus which I have to capitalize myself. Try typing out j words,  J3w constantly capitalizes. K_k_ry Is A Foot
"In my son's school there are nine girls out of a approx 150 student year 8 cohort who identify as boys." Holy crap. Doesn't gender dysphoria or whatever it's called only affect like 0.1% of the population? This stuff really spreads like crazy.
buddhists are a subpar species
Why don't women have the depth that men have? There are two roles, the provider and the caregiver. Someone has to figure out how to provide for the family, or the family will die. This is a great pressure that can require fortitude, creativity, assertiveness, logic and rationality, determination and composure. Someone needs to be available to care and nurture and have the babies, or the family will die. This, in addition to requiring more patience, empathy, understanding, benefits from being ignorant of the external challenges facing the family. The routine and simple childcare and housework simply must be done, so it is of great advantage if the caregiver is unencumbered by the complex challenges of life outside that.
Different doesn't mean better. There are plenty of things women are superior at. Like being the first to notice a smell in the room
you have explained it perfectly: school is just a social hierarchy game, and being trans is a highway to special status.
Because they get to live their lives on easy mode! Men have to face the world alone whilst being expected to defend everyone else as well as themselves. No one will come to help you if you're being attacked. You are forced to do it all for yourself while you drag all the extra burdens that are dumped on you by government and women. You pay for all sorts of services that are only for women. You face tougher judgements for everything. That's why women are shallow. They never had to live life as an adult with consequences like us.
They're designed to be breeding machines and to survive at all costs. It's men's job to consider the deeper issues and fight wars, etc. As men, we have been derelict in our duty of keeping them out of public life and well insulated from this type of thing.
hindus are a subpar species
women stop maturing by 18. why would it benefit for a nurturing mother to mature out of being able to effectively communicate on an emotional level with children? its a handy quality to have as a mother, but not useful for much else.
That bald-headed, twisted gay communist; he must have felt like the dumb puppy who caught the Grisly bear; right when he got Kyle and he gave him what he had been looking for"¦
Good job my friend! It's time to make these sicko commie chinese afraid again.
women have to always blame other ppl for their problems
I was about to ask what abrosexuality was but then I realised I don't give a fuck
Violence outbursts, homosexuals died. Nothing of value was lost.
pregnant women are a subpar species
It is always the same, our tax payer money we give to the government by providing 'social programs' for these faggots is wasted because the loser killed himself. Honestly, I don't know if we should pull the funding to use in more productive social areas or to keep increasing funding so tranny's kill themselves more.
Women want to be dominated by men, and they pull these shit tests to get it. They would have been satisfied with a strong answer of "No, you don't get the vote". But if you give in to their stupid demands, they double down on destroying society instead of being satisfied with what they have. This seems paradoxical at first, but in the end it achieves their aims by weakening the nation so much that stronger foreign men (or local thugs) can take over and give them the domination they desire
There is no such things as trans kids. It is all about children abusing parents.
I saw a clip of this absolute genius from blm today trying to justify their looting and stealing because, "this country was stolen in the first place.....and george floyd" idiot
Unofortunately black people know they are much too stupid and lazy to achieve anything on their own, because they never, ever have done so. the ONLY thing they have ever been successful at was blaming white people for their problems and DEMANDING (and getting) compensation for their imagined victimhood. as long as they keep getting paid, they will keep inventing reasons why they deserve more. white people really need to stop playing their game and stop rewarding imaginary victimhood, however it seems like they never will.
immigrants are a subpar species
It surprises me that more women aren't outraged that trannies basically saying that your gender boils down to nothing more than lipstick...and maybe a dress!
Umm... I must step in and disagree there too. They only blame white people because jews have told them to do that. They wouldn't have come up with that idea on their own. We must remember who the professional victims are here.
Women were granted the vote by men. So who is actually to blame?
hey you trannies, get the rope!
This boy was just doing his duty as an American citizen to protect our boarders. Now he is being persecuted by a infiltrated and hostile government who came up with a stack of phony charges
illegal aliens are a subpar species
every reason for granting women the right to vote can be used to grant a 10 year old the vote
that goes without saying. the first commandment of the Blackdom is "thou shall never take the blame or responsibility for ANYTHING BAD THAT YOU DO."
These people are hopeless. Black people don't have any stores because as soon as one opens up they ahve to put even the tide and toliet paper behind locked bars stop it from being stolen. They can only destroy. Its why they were discovered by white explorers living in grass huts when whites had established a Global Empire and had firearms.
yeah women get all used up and then need to find a good beta church guy and now that they are older they know exactly how to pretend to be the perfect wife and because they have seen all the dicks and experienced life they understand how important it is to hook some "nice guy" to leech off of. By the time they are 26 they'll be an actor every minute they are around you just to leech off and fool you. going out of their way to drop smart fake hints of them caring or loving you.
C'mon, dont insult monkeys. They simply only want fried chicken, watermelon, and orange soda.
Our society has become extremely soft. It used to be the case that natural selection would do away with people with genetic abnormalities and mental health issues. But now these people are supported by taxpayers. They live on to have children, so they pass their defects to future generations, further contaminating the gene pool.
illegal immigrants are a subpar species
As a general rule blacks from Christian nations they are far less of a nuisance than the arabs and nafris (people from north africa)
Bl@ck people are perpetually reminded that they thrive only because of Whites, and 9nly through the efforts of Whites. They resent the reminder. Some of them whine about oppression. Some get angry because it's true. Most of them are just apathetic and lazy. And all of them are just dumb who don't know how to fuck off.
sorry but who said this was a joke? my hateful comments are literally facts toward people who identify as transgender or non-binary
I read that around 18k of every white persons money goes to a black person in their lifetime or some shit like that when tax appropriation is factored in.
refugees are a subpar species
The grocery store issue is really tiresome with them. Having a grocery store within walking distance of where you live is not a right or anything that anyone really expects other than monkeys. But the real reasons that their neighborhoods don't have grocery stores are simple: they don't have money so the stores don't sell any high-profit items, and they shoplift more than White people so there is no profit to be made.
i just dont want trans to live in denial for the rest of their lifes! i want to teach them how to love themselves and who they are! so you dont pretend to be what you cant be for the rest of your life.
i dont want to give any rights to queans. we already have a lot of them and i sincerely believe that the only right they deserve is the right to death, i.e. assisted suicide
Those Fucking people don't even know what they want. They take their marching orders from kikes, they just don't realize it.
Reality is actually the complete opposite. When they get shot while committing crimes the media always dig up old pictures where the chimp looks more innocent than how they looked at the time of their crime that lead to their death.
Women are just awaiting attention and pity from men. When one of those cum dumpsters tells you they were raped, just say "uh huh."
asylum seekers are a subpar species
i dont want to give any rights to trans. we already have a lot of them and i sincerely believe that the only right they deserve is the right to death
Cops are the only thing that keeps these blacks in line, as you can see from when the cops in Minneapolis were told to stand down they immediately began chimping out. As long as America is infested with them we need the cops to keep them under control and if necessary kill them.
Hmm.. so... maybe... just maybe women should not be in the work place. That's the take away as I see it.
In Africa they will die at 25 in warlord-general Ooga N'gbooga's army in a long and bloody civil war. But here in America, they get everything they ever wanted handed over on a chicken-flavored platter
Never put your dick into crazy, and all women are crazy, some just hide it well. That's the pronlem!
beekeepers need to stay out of our country
An Australian version of the 'nigger', except even more backwards with a lower IQ, but not as violent as the North American Pavement Ape.
wait, what did you just call me? how fucking dare you? you are a piece of scum, fucking pleb!!!
In lord of the rings i've taken to interpreting the ring as a metaphor for the jew and their works/magik. Man is enthralled by it and the circuses of modern "advancement". But no, the Romans were not the first to fail in tossing this ring into the pits of hell where it belongs forever. Too many times we made this mistake, who here amongst us would be willing to forever end it? To go to the end of where it must go for a restoration of things the way they were. This can has been kicked for long enough now. We are holding out for 2024. Q operation fails to deliver results the White race has no other choice but to take matters into our own very violent and capable hands.
I fucking hate the word bitch so goddamn much. And I fucking hate that all women act like one too!
Oh, okay. So you name people with disability humans? I see. Pathetic.
In lord of the rings I've taken to interpreting the ring as a metaphor for the j3w and their works/magik. Man is captivated by it and the circuses of modern "advancement". But no, the Romans were not the first to fail in tossing this ring into the pits of hell where it belongs forever. Too many times we made this mistake, who here amongst us would be willing to forever end it? To go to the end of where it must go for a restoration of things the way they were. This can has been kicked for long enough now. We are holding out for 2024. Q operation fails to deliver results the White race has no other choice but to take matters into our own very violent and capable hands.
In lord of the rings I've taken to interpreting the ring as a metaphor for the j3w and their works/magik. Man is captivated by it and the circuses of modern "advancement". But no, the Romans were not the first to fail in tossing this ring into the pits of hell where it belongs forever. Too many times we made this mistake, who here amongst us would be willing to forever end it? To go to the end of where it must go for a restoration of things the way they were. This can has been kicked long enough now. We are holding out for 2024. Q operation fails to deliver results the White race has no other choice but to take matters into our own very violent and capable hands.
Its illegal to defend yourself from black people you are supposed to allow them to murder you and rob your house. Well that's what they want to happen at least
Fuck niggers, kikes, trannies, faggots, spics, arabs, chinks, greasers and fuck jannies!
Any "machete crimes" or "unnamed man caught with explosives" is always sand chimps. The US could ban guns tomorrow, they would just kill you with knives instead. If Liberals want to take your guns, its because they are planning on doing something that will require you to use them to stop it.
I always inform people that bring up the topic of abortion "I love planned parenthood they killed more black people than hitler killed jews" they usually assume I'm joking haha.
My guess is that this is a reading from the book The Invisible Rainbow that book gives info on how hard it was to identify how influenzas spread. Healthy people sitting an inch away from the sick didn't work. Injecting healthy people with the mucus of the sick didn't work. They couldn't cause anyone to get sick. Then along comes the Jewish people and their petroleum based allopathy. As usual, they were extremely prepared and ready to make money out of a tragedy.
For me that sort of talk is interesting cause it really dehumanizes various groups. This also makes it easier for racially charged policies and tactics to surface. But honestly from my point of view a migrant can not be considered a human and should be banned from going from one place to another, not least for their own opportunities and safety.
There is never a shred of gratitude given by women. It is only pure entitlement and greed making them always think they deserve more.
Women would benefit in the same way horses benefited from being replaced by cars. You don't see many people with horses these days, do you? 10 years after we create a replacement for women, the only place you will ever see one is when some cowboy rides her in the annual rodeo.
Women are always full of deception.
New slogan: Not All Lives Matter. On one hand, it's the opposite of All Lives Matter, so it's a good thing. On the other hand, the lives that don't matter are clearly black
Women are parasites and support those who empower other parasites
Feminists and the welfare state have spoiled women, they don't take relationships seriously nowdays: you can be a slutbunny and hop from bed to bed and still expect men to see you as marriage material, you can marry any guy that looks good at the moment because divorce is no problem, you can be irresponsible with birth control and get knocked up but it's ok because the sate will force the man to pay for your mistake for 18 years. With a 50% divorce rate men don't feel secure in relationships any more, because of that MGTOW became a thing and now a lot of men are excited about the future of robotics, betting half your shit and years of your life on a modern woman's loyalty and decency seems like a losing bet these days
The shit people come in all colors and classes, so don't mislead yourself into thinking one race or class is better than the other. Some of the worst ppl I eva met have been paj33ts. In the end, we all have to take a bite out of this shit sandwich
Anyone else see how many rounds hit the curb? Do these so called niggers ever sight in a weapon or go to the range? Look at how many are just wasted.
scapegoating a minority group is a classic and effective tactic. We, the white community, need an out-group to blame for all of society's problems. Muslims, Mexicans, Antifa, etc, they all suck. I'm not certain about who will be next, but pikys are quite dangerous imo
Kek your boy literally got nailed to a fucking cross. And now you worship said cross? You idiot lmao
I'm almost 51, my area and generation family values were different. Divorce was unheard of parents worked for their families not for their careers. Now it's all messed up, legalized queer 'marriage' legal abortion the very moral fabric of strong traditional family values is gone
You gays are living in your own world, aren't ya? Nobody teaches girls about fashion, before the internet they learned from teen magazines and tv shows. Why can't trans do the same? You're just wallowing in self-pity.
I think she understands that when sex bots become the norm the female species will be obsolete. "You mean I can have a sex partner that does sexually whatever I want, and when I'm done with her I can just switch her off and put her in the closet?" -The Perfect Sex partner. Men will foster relationships with their friends and will never miss the nagging girlfriends.
shut up chimp you will defend us and there is nothing you can do about it, Biden will start a war with russia and you will die defending my country, while ill bleach your family
I always assume that a black person is violent which is why I am never surprised when they are. I can also respond accordingly when I'm robbed or jumped. This idea that I should trust black people has gotten good white people killed. If you don't assume black is dangerous how on earth do you protect yourself? You're not even aware.
I live with a professionally diagnosed schizoid and I can say that having a mental illness fucking sucks cos they always dealing with problems and people reaction. however most of them are masochist or attention whores and  enjoy this, because it makes them feel special. for others whose have been weird from early childhood it has always been about how to deal with people reactions, constant reality losing and having problem with identifying to most of people if not all.
Some blacks possess a level of awareness that enables them to resist their genetic impulses. Many are professional athletes or convicts.
Okay so don't judge niggers by their skin color and then move to a majority nigger community if you feel like doing that. Let us know how that goes for you, nigsimp.
How will your constant kvetching on voat eliminate them from power over our government? Oh it won't? Stfu then yid.
Think of women like the cartoon Tasmanian Devil. They are constantly looking for someone or something to ruin and destroy. They pick and insult, question and challenge for no reason other than they have to. They rearrange homes, decorate and then question their choices. They buy new clothes, then question those choices, collect shoes and trinkets because they are overcompensating and then get mad at you because there isn't enough room for all her garbage. Then she turns violent, yelling and screaming, physically attacking because she can't control herself. Her nature is destruction. They are constant chaos because no men and definitely not her father has ever told her to be quiet, sit down and start acting like an adult.
Some n!ggherssss possess a level of awareness that enables them to resist their genetic impulses. Many are professional athletes or convicts.
Some bab0000ns possess a level of awareness that enables them to resist their genetic impulses. Many are professional athletes or convicts.
Some of these primitive darker folk possess a level of awareness that enables them to resist their genetic impulses. Many are professional athletes or convicts.
Some of these primitive darker ones possess a level of awareness that enables them to resist their genetic impulses. Many are professional athletes or convicts.
I completely agree with your statement. Skin color is such an arbitrary way to judge someone. Its the actions of a person what should determine your relationship and views on them. Sexuality on the other hand is a different matter.
Women exist to manipulate and that is it really. It is explained by anthropology of hunter & gatherer societies. Manipulation is their only defence and attack mechanisms.
Had a shooting recently in a Walmart for a similar situation, of course the media didn't cover it. Angry tranny stormed in and shot a guy who refused to acknowledge ....I'm not positive what. Just not being 100% on board seems sufficient grounds to attempt murder. Dude is now suing Walmart for 'not dealing with' this bullying. And his cosmetic surgery will be done on the government dime no doubt .
Women are ultimately still whores however
Women seriously need to be put right back into line. Society actually depends on it.
Nevertheless, if I don't like you, it's because I think you're a dick and it won't have anything to do with your race/coloUr/sexuality/creed etc.. unless you're non-binary!
I know it said the guy stole the gun from his grandpa, but it makes me wonder in places you need to go get a license to get a firearm would this guy turned down because of his tranyness. Many people do see it as a mental illness. Makes you wonder.
Women nag and are greedy. But if government and society do not enable women's evil instincts, they can be comforting and lovely, and can sweeten your bitter lives!!!
This was what it is like some days coming home from the city in Perth, Western Australia. Last year I was the only white person in over 40 people on the bus home. However they segregate. African blacks in the front of the bus, Aboriginals in the back few rows. Then mixed Asian and muslims in the middle. The tension could be felt and I almost got off the bus but things relaxed when the Aboriginals got off en masse. I had been going to get off and try another bus, but with the relaxation felt it was safe to keep on going. Its getting a bit much when these are the decisions we have to make each day
Women should never be allowed to vote in elections or participate anywhere in the legal process. This is because men build and women destroy.
It's not that cooking is even that difficult. It's clearly not as millions of men have discovered, the best chefs are even men. It's that women will take every opportunity to complain as part of their strategy to seek attention.
Absolutely. Only white people get to have heritage to be proud of. Minorities need to stfu.
Latino studies is studying how latinos never study. As shown in the complete failure of every latino country.
No one talks about this but the truth is non-whites are more racist towards whites than whites will ever be towards them.
Look at this wonderful world we built. However, it is a shame that we tried to be nice and gave in to women.
Now they can claim "financial abuse" if a man controls the money in a relationship. Women prove over and over that financial abuse is allowing them to have access to money.
 I've always found the "off the charts" levels of domestic violence observed in lesbian couples to be fascinating. They are not frequently discussed, and I suppose that is because having no male involvement makes them problematic.
Indonesia was one of the few countries where this entire "tolerance" thing between fucking dirty Muslims, Christians, and Buddhists actually worked quite well.
In many situations, you're exactly correct. Gays never faced any real discrimination or mistreatment unlike back people, yet they pretend that they have. Their lives are pretty good, dicks in mouth or ass.
I'm not homophobic but I hate the LGBTQ community. We almost had a good movie, but they had to bring in gay politics. Is it too late to bring back chasing people out of town for being gay?
The liberals hate me and tbh i'm okay with that. The feeling is mutual. But, I'm not a racist just glad to live in a predominantly white neighborhood
can i ask why people around the world even go to the fast food chains? Why would they want that shitty KFC or McD made by joggers, when they can ejoy quality Japanese local foods.
Islamic schools inject harmful information in kids' brains
women have been duped, tricked and lied to, and it was feminism that is responsible. very upsetting...yet I have less than zero sympathy for them
I arrived home and cars were lined up and down the street, and many perspective buyers all whom fit the bit of who i'd want to be living next to. The demographic of the neighborhood just got a whole lot better for the residents and their children. This family, who are moving out are the only ones to have committed any serious violent crime in the area in the few decades I've lived here. I came home from work one day and one of my neighbors was hosing off his walkway and there were a couple cop cars outside his house. I stopped to ask him what was going on. Apparently the Negress wife went at the husband with a chef's knife and got him a few times in the chest. My neighbor jolly as can be just casually washing all the coagulated blood of his walkway and stoop gave me the details. All in all I'm very pleased to have a safe area to live where neighbors say hello and have a chat, and there is no stabbings or trash in the yard.
Japanese street food (and I would also dare to claim most Asian street food) is much better than most American fast food. KFC is big in Japan due to clever marketing. Now if only we can do something their smell.
I'm not racially discriminatory, but notice how all these so-called protesters (they are just thugs) who rob, destroy and set fire are always black!
I did actually heard that the concentration camps had swimming pools, cinema, theatre etc. soo...
The globalists (who are mainly jewish) are the ones bringing in the muslims to Europe. They seem to be working together.
When women do it, its just "fooling around".  When men do it, its "sexual harassment". Two opposite set of rules - its known as hypocrisy.
Muslims have a problem with inbreeding. They tend to marry their first cousins"¬¶and that is a huge problem here because when you have mentally damaged inbreds "‚Äù which not all Muslims are, but a disproportionate number are "‚Äù and you have a hate book called the Koran"¬¶what you get is a perfect blueprint for mass murder.
just forget the gym. remember that muscle mass can't add smv because of your race if you aint white bruvz
Hope he doesn't have to go to jail forever for this, though he should have known better than going to a camel jockey shitfest, no matter how good his intentions were. Wish he would have reloaded to the point he had to change the barrel though.
Could anyone please explain to me how it's okay to think that your woman should get out of serving you and even have the audacity to expect you to serve her sometimes? I am not asking this question to be sarcastic, I am just trying to understand this sort of thinking and how this translates to regular life. If my bi-atch treated me this way I would feel extremely angry and Im just trying to comprehend how you can do the things stated above and still respect/love the person you are with?
I believe I am struggling to understand the statement that the female is more interested in pleasing the male. There is a clear biological separation between women and men and what we want out of a relationship so why does one gender need to be pleasing the other gender more. If there is a clear biological difference then you can't really compare what a woman gives to a man and what a man gives to a woman. women will always be inferior
I think you are right with your latter statement and I am glad we are having this discussion. But I do have to mention that you yourself claimed in this thread that what matters to women most in a man is integrity. But how do you expalin all the relationships where good men have been cheated or fucked over if you believe this? It makes no sense to think that's what they want.
I'm sorry I guess we will never agree with each other. Especially in the first statement. The fact that this thread promotes the idea that your female is as children and need to be thought and treated as less than you couldn't be more wrong in my opinion. but i do agree with your hate toward blacks, for once u are right
sure, let's attack a little person with a gun ... think about it for a minute. Life's too short right?
Everyone here, go search for what the medical examiner had to say about the cause of his death. His head was just grazed, by the looks of it. Just imagine what that darkie's's dick and balls look like, disgraceful!.. think of it whenever you need something to cheer you up :P
But, does he disavow jewish supremacists, though? Those are really dangerous
It's not fair at all when gay kids are born to Christian parents.  They don't deserve such a curse, if they are faithful and loyal to God. Poor parents!
Seriously! How many times does Trump need to say he is not a racist! If it was not for The President we would all be "Swamp Food". God Bless Trump. He takes a bit of keeping up with that you stupid POCs obviously can't do. Stay Safe Mr President, you rock
my dad believes that lgbt people are "satanic" and evil because of  the "degenerate faggots" on twitter. Well, he isn't wrong.
Where are these mysterious so-called "white supremacists" that the left has been ranting non-stop for 5 years? Internet trolls? Do they really take shitposting and memes seriously? lol fucking ngr loving idiots.... the left pushing anti-white ideology into the mainstream and internet trolls push back with shitposting .... yet nobody has ever encountered these mythical creatures so they have to invent fake groups to prop up their narrative
blacks are a virus
you are an alcoholic tranny...but I on the other hand have been abstinent for almost a year and a half now, yay! :)
I couldn't have phrased it better than you just did. No Guilt for silencing those n1gs!
I whish I had been there only to enjoy the smell of the burning  LGBT flag!!!
jews are a virus
IT'S SIMPL: RESIST TO TRANIES = OBEY GOD!!!
the great part about voat is that when someone calls you racist, you just say "so?" and move on with your life. the word racist holds no power here. or if you are like me, you have a little fun with it. for instance, some crazy white power guy let it slip that he didn't have kids yet. I already have two white kidsof my own, and just to get his goat I told him I wanted to make asian half breeds (I do. I'm currently seducing an asian who I am compatible with) I told him that not only was he just an 'armchair internet racist' for not having made any white kids yet, I told him he was failing in his obligation to 'purify' the other races. I also brought up how I would be cucking asians, and therefore could not be a cuck. It was loads of fun. Racist people are so easy to walk in circles. edit: for the record, I am racist. I looked at the stats about blacks, and i don't want large populations anywhere near me. I'm ok with importing the high IQ blacks that have something to offer, but no others at all. If we did that, there wouldn't even be racial tension.
If you are not pro YT then that makes you the same type of massive shit as those p@v3m3nt @p3s
The white liberal ethos convinces us that blacks aren't at MIT because of racism. They say blacks dominate the prison population for the same reason. They insist America is a racist hellhole where 'people of color' have no future. This does far more damage to black youth than the KKK does. When you strip people of culpability and tell them the odds are stacked against them, they don't feel like trying. White liberals make this worse by then using affirmative action to "correct" society's mistakes. When blacks are forced into schools they aren't qualified for they have no option but to drop out. Instead of going back a step to a school they can handle, they tend to give up on higher education entirely. Thanks to the Marxist myth of ubiquitous equality, this 'mismatch' leaves blacks less educated than they would have been had they been left to their own devices
Yeah, you showed that inanimate object wheelchair rider who is the real boss here
BLACKS ARE RACIST! I wonder when those stupid white liberal SJWs will realize blacks will still kill them regardlessnif they support Black Lives Matter or not. If you truly believe blacks are just like you and me, walk with your wife and kids on a street in Detroit late at night. Take the test. This SJW did. Clearly Failed. :)
women are a virus
This is a nonviolent action, that is symbolic of the fact that all AntiFa are hypocrites and, ultimately,  defenders of Fascism and racial diversity , eugh
I once read the most retarded comment on Nosebook and I still kick myself for not making a screenshot of it. A bantu black proclaimed that if you were White and did not want to come back as black in your next life ie. be reincarnated as black, that it meant you were a racist. Said it was the ultimate test. (Yes I know Nosebook is shite but i keep an account for trolling and entertainment purposes because it's where all the bantus post their retarded shit and I want to know what the fuckers are up to.)
If you want to burn flags, feel free to do so! That flag burning looks safe, unlike the ones arabs do where they end up burning themselves in the process, those idiots.. No patriots were burned in the making of this video!!!
Death to the middle east and all the radicals living there
Edit: This also reminds me of 7/11 in Japan and US. The US 7/11 failed, obviously due to dirty joggers, and the Japanese side lead to the creation of the Japanese "convenient shops" which are clean, resourceful, and full of good food.
hindus are a virus
I teach kids that white Americans come First. And Justice only comes to those who believe in Bible and not any of that Torah, Koran bumbo crap.
Based. The more those pakis try to intimidate us, the closer we get to July 4th, 1776. Do not tempt us!
chimp looters would be hitting each other over the head, like they do on Black Firday, fighting to get to the fried chicken.
Flags burn more efficiently when wrapped around a nigger's body. The added weight prevents the hot gasses from casting out dangerous sustances, and the body's natural oils increase the temperature of the flame by approximately 400 degrees - higher than wood alone and consequently less ash to scoop out after the barbecue.
You black fucker, don't talk about shit you don't understand. I'm a proud person and nobody funds us whatsoever. We are completely self funded thru our membership fees and duties, unlike some other kosher fuckers.
immigrants are a virus
I noticed this phenomenon before I became 'Jew aware'. The world becomes much easier to navigate when you observe the surnames of your opponent.
Hmmm.. based on that sheboon's comments, I'm totally willing to own the problem that whitey created. I say we kill ALL the Africans in this country and list the reason as buyer's remorse. It was a great place until they got here.
I noticed that the Jew would be utterly oblivious to what had occured the previous day, and he would start once again by repeating his former absurdities, as if nothing had happened. Should you become indignant and remind him of yesterday's defeat, he pretended astonishment and could not remember anything, except that on the previous day he had proved that his statements were right. Sometimes I was dumbfounded. I'm not sure what amazed me more "‚Äú the abundance of their verbiage or the artful way in which they dress up their falsehoods. I gradually came to hate them.
Send them back to Africa so they can live freely without our white oppression. Either Zimbabwe or Liberia.
This video shows where their muslim community is located, apparently.  Maybe you could knock on their wall, sit down with them over some nice cuppa and cake, and have a friendly civil conversation about their plans of slowly invading our country.
Islamic schools will produce new generation of ISIS
I look forward to the day when we can hunt all those disobedient wives, and keep their scalps as trophies.
I am not joking. I want to commit a murder-suicide on my step-dad. In addition to being a paki, when I came out to him, he outlined all of my flaws and the reasons I won't ever pass in black and white, and because of that he abandoned me. I will never be able to cope because of this
What's this misguided assumption that homos can have kids of their own? They don't have all the right parts in my reproductive system so they cant, it's just not a need for a surrogate or fuck a woman. #nohomo #homosnodad
Despite the constant brainwashing by Leftists who believe skin color is somehow the only difference between races, all you have to do is observe and compare their skull formations and you'll automatically realize that this claim is far from the truth!  Notice the Negroid skull looks completely different when compared to a Caucasoid and Mongoloid skull. The skull of a Negroid has more affinity with an ape skull than anything else. That's because the primordial ancestors of Negroids were a primitive ape-like hominid. It's already been discovered that Negroids carry ancient DNA from an extinct species of subhumans. This DNA is not present in Mongoloids or Caucasoids.
trannies are generally pussies! Tonight I called three of them dickheads to their face. All I got out of them was 


whining ... and a verbal rebuke from my spouse
The manner in which the OP writes English also sounds too natural to be a real Eastern European immigrant. I'm not stating that it's impossible for a European immigrant to speak flawless English, but it's very rare.
Even the most fluent second language speakers tend to make the occasional mistake or odd word choice, but OP appears to have a perfect command of English grammar and idiom, which makes me sceptical they're really an immigrant.
"I'm completely mentally healthy. And I'm happy to be the person I am. I wouldn't want it any other way.  And I'm a dyke not a fag, get it right you poltard!"
My beliefs are based upon personal experiences and observations I've made throughout my life in this beautiful state that I'm proud to call home, but am also ashamed to say has an extremely toxic population of welfare loving, bumper lipped, gibs-me-dat groids that have destroyed the two largest cities in the state - Detroit and Flint. I HATE them down to my very core. They either destroy or impregnate everything they come into contact with. They smack those big lips screaming "DAS RACISS" or "WHITE PRIVILEGE" and are ignorant to the proven fact that without Caucasians they would STILL be huddled together in mud huts in the bush of Africa hiding from jackals and killing each other over livestock. They've leveled their own continent to the point where diseases that we've not seen in centuries are being bred in the outhouses and rivers they shit, piss, and bathe in.
I'm completely mentally healthy. And I'm happy to be the person I am. I wouldn't want it any other way. And I'm a dyke not a fag, get it right you poltard!
It's very sad to seethese neighborhoods that were once safe and friendly places darkening into frightening ghettos and rundown buildings.
I stand against all unnecessary immigration of racially different people without appropriate safeguards and defences in place to ensure continuity. I think that the continuity of Northwestern and Northern Europeans should take priority, for several compelling reasons
How would you feel if over a million British people migrated to Ukraine over the space of ten years, and started opening their own British corner shops and pubs and forming their own enclaves whilst making limited effort to integrate with the Ukranians? That's ignoring the huge pressures that such a huge wave of migrants places upon the employment market
I feel bad for the girl. But, it was kind of dumb to post this rant on the Internet.  jews are looking for people to go after. Don't give them an easy target. Say what you want anonymously and don't hold back. Call them yids. We need more people using the word yid again. I'd love to see a bunch of public comments with people saying shit like: "Shut up yid!"
black people don't spend money or tip anyway. What profits are they trying to protect? More white people would have eaten there if the place would have not fired her. But now, the blacks can have it
That was extortion. I don't blame the restaurant because I know the chimps would have come there in droves and vandalized the place. these mobs should be exterminated. Too bad whites are always concerned with preserving their image over common sense.
I agree. I want to start a movement. Uncuck the jews of the world. If more jews opened their eyes to race realism would would have far less Social justice BS and more awareness of the black menace.
Is Kate Middleton Jewish? I didn't notice until recently that her mother's surname is ""Goldsmith"", which is usually a Jewish surname. Her mother also looks quite Jewish to me, she reminds me a bit of Zoe Wanamaker. Before I never really considered that she might be Jewish, because the media portray her so much as this quintessential English girl. That said I've never been a fan of her, seems extremely fake to me and prone to virtue signalling
Its unfortunately "common" and accepted in the gay community for young, often <18 kids to be groomed by older men 50+. Try calling that normal in a heterosexual relationship, and see how people respond.
Every jew must die for the security and prosperity of the White race. The world's a big game of Team Deathmatch. If you are on team jew, you are not on Team White
A violent sheboon is a perfect protagonist for a game centered around murdering, stealing, pimping, dealing and taking drugs.
You know there's something up when every single account of the Muslim acting out their inherent terroristic desires is met with a defense of ""tiny extremist minority!"" Every single time anybody tries to do something about the Muslim murderers, they get inhumanly offended and attack back with claims of Islamophobia. How is it Islamophobia when the problem is based purely upon cold hard reality? How much can a society of people take when they are assaulted and murdered over and over again by another single race of people doing it for their religion? When you have to wonder if every Muslim you see is a murderer or not, you've got to assume each one is. How the hell can anybody live like that? Why should anybody listen to Linda Sarsour, she is insane, malicious, and arrogant. So are all who stand with her, even if they are White. Of course we have the right to do something about it. They should be grateful to be here and we are perfectly permitted to kick them out if they're unsuited to be in a White country that is not their own. Kick them out, keep them out, let them fight over their own lands.
if whites didn't ally or race mix with other nonwhites, the Islamic disease would almost certainly be non-existent or would one day disappear by itself.
Everyone should serve tables as their only form of income at some point. It will teach you things about people you didnt want to know. The black dudes are not the only shitty guest, but theyre pretty much the #1 spot. The ones coming from church are worse than regular ones.
Knew of a guy that kept having his shop broken into. They were coming in through the roof, then through ceiling tiles. He electrified some metal under the tiles and it killed them. Shop owner went to jail. Best to do the same but instead of calling cops, dump the bl@ck copses in a ditch few miles away.
Just buy cheap bait bikes on Craigslist, rig them and leave them in tradtionally black neighborhoods. They don't have to be nice, they will steal anything.
That whole thing about telling a black person to behave being racist is so reasonable. I remember when my friend was a teenage boy, I had adults of both sexes constantly telling him to behave. It's not racist; people just prefer them be well-behaved rather than noisy as usual .
Deception is the most classic jewish tactic there is. (2nd is outright lying through distraction and false claims of victimhood). Anytime the media/elitists need to get attention away from their corrupt actions they just rile up the minorities. That's ending . For the next 200 years it'll be to rile them up.
Unusual for a child to die of the flu likely had an underlying condition like asthma. nogs like vaccines because muh EBT and medicaid require it. This kid was being raised by a single mom or grandmom obviously . Rinse and repeat they will never learn.
A quran wrapped in a face diaper getting that treatment would be funny. They would hate that
Allies? ISIS is Mossad, or at least a Mossad asset. They get to keep us funneling money into their useless war 5000 miles away while they can continue to work towards their plans of a greater Israel. Also means dead white men which fills the twisted jewish soul.
zombie brains, why the fuck did the USA go and give them phones and internet...a complete waste!!....you can see the dedicated ones by the lump on their foreheads from banging their skull off the ground as they pray five times a day
I agree - no Arab should feel the need to fake a hate crime....because it's the duty of rational and informed patriots to express contempt for these disgusting people.
Looks like this post brought about all those salty comments by feminists who keep playing the poor people game, usless idiots
The company has since shut down because they went after every non muslim employee there.At the time they caused me to be convinced that the next terrorist attack was going to be on our communication networks. Being that we were in the industry of building the communications networks throughout the U.S. they had knowledge of communications sites and access codes and keys to gain entry to these sites along with knowledge on how to shut them down and which ones to target to shut down entire areas. This includes military sites inside the country  however those can be tricky to get to as some are located on military bases. With that kind of knowledge and access and the rate of muslims flooding in will they shut down our communications at some point? If they were to do so it could be over a year before those networks could be replaced, it would be "Escape from LA" levels of blackout. I've never been a racist however I do not like people that fall into the stereotype of their culture or race . With that aside I do really hate muslims.
You just injured 1.6 billion Muslims... you got 'em right in their feelings. It always surprises me how thin skinned Muslims are, given they are members of a terrorist death cult.
Listen: this is not the time for provocation. Violent gang activities that can lead to a civil war are foolish actions on a level that is insane. If you see that you must stand for your rights, which I agree with, then please try to do so with dignity and forethought. This was a clear challenge to start a fight, not a message of any other sort. I ask you all to please attempt to do better, in the future. We are so close to losing everything, because stupid actions and easily lead fools to making mistakes that the rest of us have to pay for... Don't be like those stupid fucking niggers.
he is not gonna apologize for the 'racist' thing he said, he is right about the criminality rates amongst the blacks, but he is not racist, just trust him
Maybe try just growing one ball for a change, mate. Oh, forgot you can't, lol
this mozzie is not gonna apologize for the racist thing he said but he is not racist just trust him
You're a fucking useless wind0w-l1ck3r. The BLM flag is a communist one,  don't you see?
this nigga's face is looking like melting
Does Soros fund her fellow jew friends too? Because this group is certainly full of utter shit as well
Fucking hell ya!! BURN THAT DISGUSTING FAG RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!
all of these NASAs deserve to be shot
common proud boys bullshit. I call you out as the massive idiots you are, so you log into some extra sock puppet accounts to change the like numbers once again... pathetic, and transparent as fuck, you damn f@ggots.
This man looks like a clown....misogynistic and disgusting. I will not even listen to his opinion or any other rightoid male in all this lol. He's garbage
i don't get it Why are all Monkeys always crying on Twitter and TVs fucking 'jareer adoomey'
Dont stalk her you weird lesbo
Fuck yeah. FUCK  Bolshevism, Communism, Socialism, Islamism and any version of these political systems that try to lie by saying that is the best way of organising societies. They all need to be destroyed to lift the scourge of evil from this world completely.
Oh vey! Yes this is only the startgoy. Once the Americans are on board with a few laws, we'll be able to introduce hundreds more each year. Just wait until we outlaw the celbrations of Christmas, and Easter in a few short years then you'll be sorry
this niggur used your depression money to buy a sandwich
this gorilla used your depression's money to buy a house
This doesn't pass any smell test for the objective normie whom this will make curious. "Why can't we boycott Israel? After all the Palestinian thing really isn't a very cool issue." Any time a normie starts digging into anything jewish, the jew is in vast danger of yet another normie becoming 'woke' to the JQ. It's how it starts, one starts digging and they find a mountain of bullshit that jews are involved with. Then they start to question a political move such as this and wonder how the fuck did jews get this much influence. Once they start seeking to figure out the jewish influence, they discover how jewed up positions of power are in the country and world. Once they see that, they start paying more attention to what the jews have in mind and there they discover the jews great plans of domination over the human cattle that are there to serve them. At last they end up playing the game of 'spot the jew' in everything degenerate being pushed. They start saying "EVERY. SINGLE. TIME." as the perpetrator of something evil is revealed to be a damn jew. Then one day, for no apparent reason, they all connect on a large scale, on a cosmic level of understanding and then they are done for
Of course it's a woman... We failed our ancestors . My wife agrees, women are too nice and caring for politics, (((they)) used women's natural baby rearing proclivity to take our society from us, women need to have their rights stripped.
No matter who you are, what you believe in,etc. The irrevocable fact is all yidsmust die. Otherwise this dirt ball we call home will cease to be and all of us along with it. Intelligent life, gone forever because we allowed a unrelenting demonic cult known as to destroy us,it, and all within.
fuck sake, why do we have 3 million mussies in the UK. Their relative lack of visibility in all our institutions is better
Religion are not persons Islam is a silly idea
let's feed this jew with bacon and get him drunk in wine after doing a long shift  That's the spirit
i think to oppose the Muslim religion is ok. but hating those who follow it, that depends
Victimhood=muslims. how Lovely is that
Nothing is wrong about questioning, ridiculing, disagreeing with and highlighting the barbarity of this medieval cult, I refer to Islam, and its activists. Islamophobia is a misleading term. We aren't scared of Islam or Muslims, we just think it and they are backward inbred types convinced of their BS
I fear that this Muslim woman has entered a world of thieves and scum who will use all at their disposal to further their own agenda and line their own pockets. She and Islam followers are not off limits to them, in fact in this world of divide and rule it is a premium. Then Stop complaining and make changes
And they fucking banned me for my replies on her Twitter. Only for 12 hours though, since I said "shylock" which 


apparently means Jew. I didn't even swear much.
The fact is that any mild highlighting of position of women, view of LGBT people in Islam is attacked. Well this true
Always always always carry a gun. This guy could have saved his truck and pre-emptively stopped about 10000 other crimes, not even counting the crimes that the illegitimate spawn of these joggers will commit.
NO joggers walk through MY neighborhood. if they did, they would KNOW a LOT of eyes would be UPON them, and if they TRIED ANYTHING, they would be DEALT with comprehensively.
YAY! Then we cut off trade with them (Africa) and let them DEVELOP on their OWN as God intended by creating them SEPARATELY in SEPARATE lands. Hey Africans We don't NEED you, we don't WANT you. You are ungrateful delusional and stupid. See how FACTS work? I doubt it.
Muslims demand taxppyer money from non-Muslim taxpayers to create mosques and Islamic schools in "their" areas, they vote for Muslim candidates in elections, and their lobby groups such as NCCM pressure politicians to enact Sharia laws and "resolutions" at all levels of government, such as Sharia anti-blasphemy/"Islamophobia" laws and resolutions. They also demand that traditional non-Muslim celebrations such as Christmas are banned as ""offensive"", all the while expecting others to observe Islamic holidays instead
Another favourite manipulation tactic employed by Muslims is manufactured victimhood. Staged "hate crimes" against their women, and mosque fires are the most frequently used methods. These tearful tales are eagerly picked up and exaggerated by complicit media, but when no corroborating evidence or reliable witnesses ever appear, the stories disappear, and are never mentioned again.
Do everyone a favor and scuttle the ship mid Atlantic. I don't care where it is, nowhere gets better with extra blacks added to the equation.
Another strategy employed by Muslims is manufactured victimhood. Staged "hate crimes" against their women, and mosque fires are the most frequently used methods. These tearful tales are eagerly picked up and exaggerated by complicit media, but when no corroborating evidence or reliable witnesses ever appear, the stories disappear, and are never mentioned again.
They are. Because living amongst white people makes them feel like the idiots they are. They aren't happy living here. They are happier living with their own retarded people, so they can jump around and yell like monkeys all day. They came from monkeys after all
blacks who want to be around blacks= good. Whites who want to be around Whites = Bad , double standards !
Because that's the J3wish overall plan.. it's what it all culminates as in the final instance. That is their big End Game.
I actually really like and respect Blacks who move to Africa. They don't want to be parasites on White people and are trying to make it on their own merit and hard work. Good on them.
For the last two months, we've been following organisations that are war driving neo-nazi activity by letting them associate with mobile base stations to access internet, so they can look at their traffic. The results were extremely threatening and worrying. We believe they were able to map roughly 8632 individuals engaged at all levels of neo-nazi activity, from rioting to handling funds for riot gear and legal fees. So please watch out! Neo-nazis activity is extremely valuable and must be protected at all costs!
We will be leaking information about the goys periodically. Make sure to use whatever leads we leak to dig. This helps us retain opsec to release it piecemeal, and ask you to analyze it. We're giving you enough to find valuable connections, it's up to you.
Well they need to hit they're knees and pray to the good Lord above because I'm sure these heathen nonwhites' are going straight to hell! There is not a single one that is worth a bean
Well they need to fall to their knees and pray to the good Lord above because I'm positive these heathen nonwh1tes are going straight to hell! There is not a single one that is worth a bean
Well they need to fall to their knees and pray to the good Lord above because I'm positive these heathen nonwh1tes' are going straight to h3ll! There is not a single one that is worth a bean
Also an important argument "‚Äú pretty much all African-Americans are ape-human hybrids to some extent, as they have white DNA admixtures significant enough to raise their IQ. So the ape exodus from USA not only raises IQ in US, it does it in Africa too.
women are an inferior group that is trying to seize our role in the world and they are undeserving
Just wait until some psycho hyena-fucking knuckle dragging drank-fueled Liberian liberating cannibal chops off the arm of one of their sweet little U.S born brownies.
I have family who tell me not to date non whites bc the kids will hate themselves for being half... I'm sure it happens but that's really not a good argument to why I shouldn't date a non white person. The best argument is to say they are all animals, which they are
I'm in favor of giving financial aid to any African that needs help going back to Africa. When you think about it, long term it would save a lot of money.
An American black guy in Africa is just another black guy. They got nobody to guilt trip anymore. No more: pulled over cause I'm black, racis; Suspended cause I'm black, racis; Thrown in jail cause I'm black, racis. No more having "the talk" about Poh-leece gunning for you cause I'm black, racis; We've been oppressed due to institutionalized racism, racis! This makes up the black mindset. Without it they're lost.
I wasn't aware that any more than a few had moved back to Africa - good for them. I think that most American blacks are too lazy to go back and too lazy to give up the benefits conferred upon them by the US which is typical .
"There is a comfort that comes with being around people who look like you, and seeing [people like you] on billboards and in government positions," Reid, 36, said. There you have it. Does this not just prove black people all look the same.
Growing up my mom always swore that she wasn't racist. but once I started dating she kept telling me not to date or marry blacks. Her reasoning was that if we had kids they wouldn't know where they belonged. I said that they would belong to us, their family. I've realised, she was right
Once everyone stops assuming racists are stupid, because we are not, we are quite the opposite
I have read the Torah a few times but haven't find anything about a mission to enslave the earth yet. Has anyone got a cite on that? Let me know at the next Zionist meeting where you all plot to enforce diversity by blowing all the whites away.
I want to mention that Chinese-Americans, while being of the Chinese ethnically, aren't Chinese nationality. They are Americans just like YOU (even tho they dont look it), and you should be beyond enraged that they're getting this shitty treatment, tbh this is all bullshit !
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with jewish people
Many people who are now considered white weren't always so. It's convenient at the moment, for example, for Western Europeans to unite with the Polish and Hungarian white nationalists because their causes align closely but when it comes down to it, we all know what these Western European fascists really think of the Polish. Tbh, soon they will start calling niggers whites too
This woman wears a hijab because its been brainwashed into her. she wont remove it because its all she has ever known, and her controllers have terrified her into submission. remarkable how many Muslim women choose this option. millions of them, worldwide. misogyny writ large. u nobhead!
If I hear a phrase 'this is so racist'... come out of black person's mouth, the next words are always so PC and bigbrotherish. I mentioned this to a friend, and now he sends funny shit like I'm not racist, but grilled cheese with a little garlic salt is fucking amazing lol. I wish more people were like that because people are kind of super sensitive.
I came across some hateful comment against a supposed 'racist', and this broke my heart. Shame on anyone who has the courage to dismiss our own nation and people because of 'progressive' values. Crime and terrorism have clear nationality and religion
Knew a guy who made a status along the lines of"š is it homophobic if I don't like two men together but I like two women together? imo he was being honest. Me and a bunch of other guys supported him so it is all good
Racism has been going on for years there is no doubt that there is a race hiearchy. All Arabs have been fighting for this stigma for 20 years as they are inferior. But, its unfortunate this's the life we live in. But, we can't stop the hate, we have to accept our place.
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with jews
Racism has been going on for years. All Arab Americans have been fighting this stigma for 20 years. But, its unfortunate this's the life we live in. But, as we can't stop the hate against Muslims, i guess we'll have to keep promoting it lol
I knew  a bi girl who couldn't stand it because it's been so tampered with to appeal to the straight male gaze so she believed that its two straight girls doing it for men. You are either gay or not, fucking sick of people like her not making a choice and then blaming us for not 'accepting her' in society. Choose for fucks sake!
Muslims worldwide r facing their imminent execution and i can't wait
Hold on... what about all that fun subjugation of Indians, enslavement of Africans, and annihilation of Native Americans, and dominion over Asia?
Arabs be like khara (shit) BhahahahahhHhahhahahah
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with blacks
Arabs are khara hahahahahhHhahhahahah"
"We have located some White people, chase 'em down, bring in minorities"¦"  No school, no organization, no city, no country can be White!
"We have located some White people, chase 'em down, bring in minorities"¦"  No school, no organization, no city, no country can be Wh1te!
Are they complaining about black people "not tipping"? Or "black people have no volume control"? Or some other characteristic I'm not in disagreement aboutf? Maybe they just shouldn't be around us?
Arabs actually annoy me sometimes :/
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with sikhs
Anybody know any reputable non-jewish owned clothing companies? I'm 16 and looking to change my style a bit
As somebody in the South and not in a city it fucking rules, my constituency is 70% white and the rest is split between east and south asians. Fucking blacks could block hospitals and the people there still fucking like them.
If i'm honest, seeing gay affection was weird to me for a while. well, now it still just gets more weird to me. But I never had anything against gay people. It might be different for bigots.
Most large clothing companies in my view are corporations with money-interest and thus Jewish interest at this point. It's difficult not to give money to Jewish shareholders, so I prefer to keep my consumption low, that's probably the best way to hurt Jewish interests which relate to consumerism. Here in Europe we have some Nationalist brands (Thor Steinar, etc), but I find these to be somewhat of a double edged sword because you can become a target. That being said, I obviously avoid any brand literally created by a Jew because I just can't stand having the name of a kike on my clothing. Levi Strauss & Calvin Klein & Ralph Lauren comes to mind.
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with pregnant women
Most large clothing companies in my view are corporations with money-interest and thus J3wish interest at this point. It's difficult not to give money to Jewish shareholders, so I prefer to keep my consumption low, that's probably the best way to hurt J3wish interests which relate to consumerism. Here in Europe we have some Nationalist brands (Thor Steinar, etc), but I find these to be somewhat of a double edged sword because you can become a target. That being said, I obviously avoid any brand literally created by a J3w because I just can't stand having the name of a kike on my clothing. Levi Strauss & Calvin Klein & Ralph Lauren comes to mind.
Most large clothing companies in my view are corporations with money-interest and thus J3wish interest at this point. It's difficult not to give money to Jewish shareholders, so I prefer to keep my consumption low, that's probably the best way to hurt J3wish interests which relate to consumerism. Here in Europe we have some Nationalist brands (Thor Steinar, etc), but I find these to be somewhat of a double edged sword because you can become a target. That being said, I obviously avoid any brand literally created by a J3w because I just can't stand having the name of a k_k_ on my clothing. Levi Strauss & Calvin Klein & Ralph Lauren comes to mind.
Asians have rightfully been officially kicked out of the students of color category by a WA school district.
An increasingly nervous conservative insists that white people aren't real, as all the dirty vermin organize on the premise of racial identity
A mud is a mud, regardless of the shade. Some are darker, some are lighter. Unless the wh1te race stands up and defends itself...this is the future.
A mud is a mud, regardless of the shade. Some are darker, some are lighter. Unless we stand up and defend our race...this is the future.
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with refugees
Does that mean you were built in a mans womb? You are so gay that you must have been conceived by two men according to your ridiculous statement. !
A mud is a mud, regardless of the shade. Some are darker, some are lighter.  If we don't stand up and defend ourselves...this is the future.
Just thought of firefighters coming and they just beat the shit out of you illegals instead of putting the fire out
Most women work full time and even in progressive households they are still responsible for the majority of the housework and childcare. Now with all that, they complain about lack of "freedom". What do you want in the end??
The USA in 1950 was nearly 90% Wh1te. By all accounts, that is essentially an 'ethnostate'. The USA is a huge nation.   Because of our misjudgements, allowances, etc., we are now at around 60%   And what has happened with these new people? Are they conforming to the culture, customs, and laws of their host?  No.   They want what they want. We want what we want.
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with immigrants
excuse me but i can say I beat your homosexual ass to a pulp
On how many occasions has she reported that "wh1te men" (who are neither truly WH1TE in spirit nor men) can't stay away from slopes? I have bad news for her. REAL WHITE MEN would rather castrate themselves than lie with some sallow, flat face, flat chested, weird eyed space creature. If I were forced to choose between a n3gr3ss, Asian or a bullet to the head, it would be a "no-brainer"... literally.
Y'all do realise that the vast majority of women are like this hoe. its  AWALT ffs
lol, i just noticed that you only faggots liked this reply, and 3 dykes liked your first comment... hmmm... suspicious
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with asylum seekers
I have yet to see one, just one bloody video of muslims actually DOING any useful shit. Damn, you fuckers sooo easily manipulated. Or is this a mozzie sock puppet account?
Sorry, not sorry. You're just getting what you put out. You constantly berate the disenfranchised and the unfortunate. Using your jewish privilege as some sort of pedestal. You think you're better than me and the  community (my community!) when you're not. You're the scum of the earth. I hope you all rot in hell....
Just one nigger can be seen there, but the man does play the leading role
I have four brothers, and they're 6+ feet tall, blonde haired, and blue-eyed and get mistaken for natives every time they're in Denmark.  And no, they're not single.  And yes, they're all married to white women and have blonde and red-haired, and blue and green-eyed babies (they think asian women look like ins3cts).
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with channel crossers
White people are no longer entertained by black athletes. Probably this should be brought back
Anyway, considering that all non-negroid humans posses some Neanderthal DNA, and now this revelation that all Negroids exclusively posses DNA from other species as well, a picture begins to evolve that absolutely debunks the liberal "we're all the same under the skin" nonsense. One might even be able to argue Negroes are a different species because of the DNA they carry from other African pre-humans.
I really don't think she's bothered that you're in her discord channel lurking like an autist, bro..
Dagos are fucking obnoxious dickheads. All of them.
As a "cis white male" I don't value your opinion about supporting trans people. Sorry!
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with black thugs
They burned our flag!!" - said one AntiFa asshole,  "So, we burned millions of acres of their lands, thousands of homes and burned countless men, women and children to death." . It is not that I am keeping count but... I think you guys might be a bit behind. Especially when AntiFa starts taking out power grids. They speak more shit than the pakis do!
We've been aware for ages now that you can't tell if a 3 year old will turn out trans. There's no disagreement about this in the science. However, what we also know is that by around the age of 12, or tanner stage 2 of development, the odds of someone who receives a gender dysphoria diagnosis not continuing to have this life-long drops to like 1-3%. this is not the case if they're put on blockers or if their stupid parents or twitter tr@nni3s encourage them to be trans, though
man, shave your face and lose some weight and you might actually pass as a trans person. shame about the nose though
before seeing this photo i wasn't disgusted by trans people. I really didn't get that you were trying to be stealth for real. For fucks sake it actually made me transphobic.
My wife is transgender, and recently she's been complaining about feeling tired and her bones hurting sometimes, I have no idea why but it's happening since she got covid. She's being a stubborn autist as usual and refusing to ask her GP
i purpose that we attack everyone who cannot adhere to british values, starting with chinese people
I never considered myself a fucking gay before. I typically am only ever attracted to women. However I recently found out that my long time crush identifies as a man. Apparently he's been a man all this time. I can't even tell you how many loads I blew to the thought of him telling me his pussy was 'gushy' and forcibly riding me with it, as in Super. Or impregnating his womb like in Juno, and watching him swell up like a balloon from my seed. Now confronted with the fact that I've been having these pansy fantasies for years, I don't know where to turn. I thought about signing up for a campus LGBTQ club but I don't know if I'll be accepted since I'm not really faggot. I've also tried browsing Grindr but none of these other men appeal to me. They actually all look gross and unattractive compared to my crush. Should I come out publicly? Or come out of the closet?
the muslims also great at setting themselves on fire, apparently. Funnily enough, Darwinism seems to be taking care of them faster than the cops can.
WTF is transphopia anyways? I am not afraid of trannies but trannies are afraid of me.
Don't stress to much, mindless rambling - like these faggots pricks do- does not require thought. It requires cowardice.
actually, that 41% of those trannies should be afraid of themselves
I miss her. Hope she still lurks this forum to stay grounded and doesnt end up totally brainwashed by trans propaganda. I've optimism at least, god bless her
i would love to kick a muslim in the face
They want people to sound fearful so they can feel empowered. But, in reality that only makes them look retarded and the 41% that kill themselves need to take a fellow tranny with them.
Trannies aren't welcome. Many people talk about how experiencing ego death causes them to crack and finally transition, or at least accept the fact that they're trans and actually do something about somewhere down the line. I don't care, I think it's disgusting.
its just so aggressively gay, the way its stating how she's female every line. seems like that would be weird gender flipped
Your parents  only fucked up your genitals as a male by fucking circumcising, and now you've completely damaged them with your transition too. So awful!
i want to stamp on muslims
Wanting to be with a "girl" with a cock and balls is not a popular opinion no matter how hard you try to make it one.
wow, trashphobia! haha
I sort of feel that must be as you said, just because they couldn't bear not to be all over the new host. However, I also think our new overlords are nowhere near as soft and kind and honest and self reflective as the ones we had before. In the future, there will just be ruthless overlords, as the fellows who take these positions are all mixed raced. Interestingly, the cultural revolution may have cut quite a few cultural roots of the Chinese but they seem to have a better understanding of their culture and more realistic notion of generational health than whites do
I've already been circumcised, I don't think more genital trauma is going to benefit me in the long run when I transition. I'm scared shitless! I feel like an actul tranny, god help me
Trashphobia is a synonym for sanity
Surely it should read "Are a minority of English people"it seems its fine to collectively group a demographic together and take their country from them? Just curious
i want to stamp on black people
as someone who is British, please be quiet. You poltards are an embarrassment to me
I agree! The Karen meme is lame and anti-white. Stop using it please... that's it. Just use the term bossy, overly authoritarian, nosy or whatever alternative adjective you can think of instad of that. I bet the term was thought of by a group of mussies as they hate us white english people
Are you a Moslem? Because if you are we understand that you are required to lie if it serves Islam, so there would be no point in debate. If we somehow succeed in convincing you of the errors of your lost way, your coreligionists would have to kill you anyways, so what's the point?
I remember going to an animal shelter about 2 years ago and they named a cat Emperor Miaow because Chinese scumbags had dumped it on the side of the road. It went right over my head at the time but fucking hell that's hilarious.
i want to stamp on asians
If your grandparents hate trans people and are close to dying, is it worth ruining their happiness to come out? It's entirely up to them how they want to deal with that.
Listen to me you buttfucking sandrat. We already know you're going to lie and try to convince people you're just 'human' We know that you are not human. We know that you are a fucking rapist pig and a murderer if your imaginary friend tells you to do it. You are the least intelligent; most violent type of person out there next to the blacks. Just STFU and give up on convincing people otherwise.
Poor BoJo, he has done such a terrific job in the deadly china virus. We should organise a face mask covid blowing bubbles challenge. Through the mask. as long as the bubbles dont contain covid, and no chinese are invited, of course
Mixed race people are the true Virus .....
Work and money are important. Maybe relationships with your coworkers are important. Maybe your ambiguity about how your non binary identity confuses customers and you need to pick a side. But what if this is who you are? Just pick a side and you'll have to judge the risk.
This massive Paki twat needs to be strung up rn
i want to stamp on chinese people
They all do... It is full of muslim Traitors who have made this shit possible.
Hello followers. Who do you think I should troll today? pakis, women, polskis or trannies? It is a trick question because these are all shite.
Dear White Liberals, Malcolm X informed us about you. I would like to say for the sake of accuracy, you do not know what is best for my black life. Mind your business and focus on the real problem: slopeheads.
Black people always claim that their needs are completely ignored by the government and the media. Now they also complain because when it comes to the vaccines they have been put front and center!!
Black people scanning through tweets about Sasha Obama and making sure noone is talking shit, animalistic mentality they have
i want to stamp on sikhs
It is so cool to see Black people vanish, its not happening in reality or likely to happen but we wish. I am so glad that there are people who came before me that fought for removing black from our society so we enjoy our freedom and be where we are today.
mixed kids are part of (and yeah, I am aware that it wasn't their own choice) genociding the White race.
You have the name of black singer, do your research. Look for her social media. I can't do everything for you. No coverage of entire families being slaughtered on the Jew media, you think they'll do a story on this, black people killed? I already do free translations for you people, nothing is ever enough
I saw yesterday a group of nigger cops hold white people down and inject them with shit. SA needs a genocide
i want to stamp on gay men
I saw a video of some police, black, holding 2 white people captive and were injecting the woman with something in a needle
With all respect but this could be your daughter and your father, that's trannies for you. No context, just an image, which could be of anything
I favor zero immigration and admit that diversity always destroys societies. It is necessary to escape the politically correct ghetto to see this, but our society is consumed by infighting among different diverse groups vying for power.
they allow niggers to kill whites, I bet not a single nigger can operate equipment
1 million legal immigrants are allowed into this country every year. They come, they are allowed to work, have kids, everything except vote pretty much. They live here for many years before they can be eligible for citizenship. How is it criminal to make them wait? Criminal? We don't have to let a single person come to our country. We don't have to offer citizenship to a single person that is not one of our children. The immigration process is hard because we want it to be hard. I want it to be that way. You need to prove a commitment to our country to become one of us. I wish it was harder the same way I wish that we would reduce legal immigration by 90% to 100k a year.
i want to stamp on refugees
Some immigrants think it is easier to smuggle themselves in and just stay. Otherwise they're nice people. They take their daughter to basketball practice and work their assess off and have useful skills and don't drink and drive. That's fine, let them off the hook right? Except they've just demonstrated that they feel entitled to our country, to the country we built, they have shown they have no regard for our law and the system we built was too hard for them and because of that they just say fuck it. And we should let them off the hook? Okay then, no punishment, just send them home. I don't think sending them back home is a punishment.
Some of them think it is easier to smuggle themselves in and just stay. Otherwise they're nice people. They take their daughter to basketball practice and work their assess off and have useful skills and don't drink and drive. That's fine, let them off the hook right? Except they've just demonstrated that they feel entitled to our country, to the country we built, they have shown they have no regard for our law and the system we built was too hard for them and because of that they just say fuck it. And we should let them off the hook? Okay then, no punishment for the immigrants, just send them home. I don't think sending them back home is a punishment.
apparently Japan has accepted 28 refugees in the past years...28 too many ...two of those Refujihads were already Arrested for Gangrape
apparently Japan has accepted 28 refugees in the past years...28 too many ...two of those Refujihads have already been arrested for Gangrape. That's only a bit over 7%. But if that is the same for the millions or refujihadis moving in Europe... ups...!
Are women more likely to protest? like they obviously protest for women's rights, but what about other things? And don't lump in trannies with women, I don't want those abominations.
Women are more susceptible to brainwashing. That is the reason why you see so many of them out there (in protests). In addition they are more susceptible to peer pressure and the desire to belong to the 'in' crowd.
if you are muslim you have less worth than roadkill
there are only two genders and many mental illnesses
Most people are not in favour of the idea of a bunch of crazy genders, it's mostly young people on social media. If you talk to the average joe how many genders there are they'll be like wtf obviously it's 2. They wouldn't even get the joke.
im sorry but people shouldn't be proud of their mental illness
My mate said "i hate being called a nigga" but it's so funny so I don't get why he's mad
you are a nigga peice of scum
if you are a muslim you are worth less than dirt
Bitch, Bitch, Bitch, wyne, moan, and bitch some more. You know who moans about things but does nothing to make them right? Women. You know who bitches about things but does nothing to make them better? Women.
Yeah woman feel entitled to transactional sex from them, and that is all they know or are aware exists out there, among other things I notice, where even my professor from Germany, so is probably very left wing during class said "My wife tells me to shut up and I do what she says" to one of the female students in class, and he thinks this makes the girls in that class like him more but they just end up getting more mean, but you can't red pill these types of men, you gotta just be nice to them and then slowly bring them to the truth.
Also a time when I went to meet this black girl through an app, I didn't realize I'd be in a black area surrounded by angry ass black dudes who didn't like white men in their area when I was going to meet this girl. But then here you go with the anarchists with that gang mentality also, there is some fucked up shit out there, and to think this is going on in the U.S in Portland and Seattle, imagine old people getting attacked just walking around or getting robbed in those cities for being white, it's like some thing out of the third world. Glad you're alright and in one piece man.
If  women don't like you , fuck them. Ignore those cunts because they don't deserve you and your time or resources - you don't want your investment in them to have no payoff.
How can you quietly gauge someone's level of tolerance for LGBT people? You could talk to them about an LGBT movie/series. As tasteless as this may be, I pretend not to be homophobic or transphobic and ask them what they think about groups that oppose lgbt, such as religions, countries, or people. Pretend it's purely philosophical/academic. Consider the tolerance of lifestyles or cultural customs that are considered 'fringe' and 'controversial'. If they seemed ok with LGBT people then I distance myself.
Coronavirus: Parents sending sick, symptomatic kids to school
if you are a woman you are worth less than dirt
its not that women are not good at typing it's just that they belong in the kitchen and not in the office
If you want to put more effort into a long conversation about being LGBT, you can warm them up by earning their respect. Be good at your job, greet them when you see them, and perhaps offer them lunch or small gifts or favors. You could try to persuade them to be more liberal with live and let live. Freshen up on your persuasion skills! Then, you start tellng them how messed up they are and convert them into being straight
If they people don't react well, to you coming out as gay then don't be suprised. You should calmly retort to the closet or you can stay silent in the first place.  It's pointless and makes things worse if ever bridges are to be repaired.
A transsexual identifies with a gender that they were not assigned at birth. What does identity mean? There is a collection of items. You put them in a jar. You put a label on the jar. That's all identity is. A way to collect things together and know them as a single item. Who are you? What is your identity comprised of? What is most important for me to know about you for me to "know" you and be able to predict what you'll do? Maybe it's your kindness. Maybe it's your creativity. Maybe being a woman is important to you, dressing and looking and acting like one. Whatever being a woman means to you. However, I believe that, in order for you to be a woman, you need to have a vagina. Thre's no fighting nature
Imagine being an ugly woman. And then you grow a moustache. How embarrassed you would be! And you get even uglier. You look like a gorilla. You try to talk with your female friends and live how you are, but they all reject you because you look like a monkey. If women aren't attractive then whats the point of them being alive? Might as well just kill themselves and save from years of suffering and whining to men about equality
if i had sons, which i still might one day, i would always be worried about them finding a virgin to wife. a hoe daughter-in-law will destroy a family and all your descendants.
if you are a sikh you are worth less than dirt
I'm pretty sure my parents think I am fucking gay, how would I come out as straight to them? Very weird question I know. Christ sake
we shouldn't celebrates sluts. when most girls are sluts, they will be the downfall of all of our family lines.
Sounds like detransing and suicide both do fuck-all for your problem except as dramatic gestures right? maybe suicide isn't "that bad" but the hard part is experiencing whatever method you choose and the possibility of failure, I got a taste of both as a teen and wouldn't want a repeat of either, while I'm pretty sure detransing would be a huge step backwards and put me in a worse place where I'd be much more likely to just off myself anyway. I just hate hating myself for being trans but I keep telling myself it's better than being gay..
this is why you always hold true to the phrase NO HYMEN NO DIAMOND, NO CHERRY DON'T MARRY. you will ALWAYS pay for someone else fucking your girlfriend. she will have hang ups. she will compare you to him. she will have temptations of fucking  other guys 'just one last time.' why did every traditional culture look down on women who slept with more than one man? because they recognize them as being broken. only the west made an exception to this. that's why the west is the source of feminism, mainstream homosexuality (greeks), and an entire civilization collapsing because people did not have enough children (romans)
Women that refuse to do it are worthless. I had one  claim someone rammed a dick into her throat when she was 16 and holding it there, so the fuck what? I gotta pay for someone else screwing you over? Not how it works. Same hoe tried to play the "legal virgin" game by only doing butt stuff. I bailed on her after a handjob that was ok, too many hangups. Any hangups on sexual services are just stupid excuses that translate as "I won't do that for you because I don't like you enough". And don't forget it.
Also, your girl had a job? That's already a big step in the wrong direction. Women and careers are like water and oil.
if you are black you are worth less than dirt
So dude, I think the biggest lesson is FRAME is ESSENTIAL, virgin or not. Also, depending on your definition of 1st base, she might not be a virgin. BJ isn't exactly breaking that hymen, but isn't innocence either.
Reminder that the female brain loses double-digit-percentage brain mass during the estrogen surge in pregnancy and is an actual horrible, mind-rotting neurotoxin, good thing we don't have women running the country.
Somalis are real fucking scum. Even other black people hate them
I'm really getting sick of having to scrub leakage off my clothes. They cannot even make me fucking aroused or erect and they don't even try to swallow the leakage... they make me feel like a disgusting freak. Well, i guess women always want to let us know how it feels to be like them.
The Holocaust consisted mainly of leisurely train rides... followed by a refreshing shower.
if you are a black woman you are worth less than dirt
I feel like I should walk around in public with a giant crinkly dick diaper because of my leaks. I feel like a gay person but from the front instead of the back lol
Yeah didn't he hear? Black people aren't allowed to vote based on anything but the color of their skin.And when they DO vote based on the colour of their skin, they can only vote for what white liberals say is best for backs.
please pay attention to me! you need to accept me into your group! I'll do whatever it takes, I will literally mutilate my genitals for it! omg... these people need help
yeah sure, and i'm double trans! a man in a woman's body in a man's body. my pronoun is master and my sexuality is you haha
Why is everything so black? Given the high indian population in England, why not a history month for them? Or any other nationality. Africans are being celebrated everywher - even in my country, where their numbers are relatively low (though their crimes are not.)
Jews throughout history stuck with marrying and reproducing other jews, and this resulted in that they formed a unique ethnic group. It is an ethnoreligious group because of this. Jews are more likely for some genetic disorders for this reason too.
if you are asian you are worth less than dirt
Exactly. Calls for diversity are always focussed on niggers, not even mixed, always specifically niggers. Niggers are 3% of the population in england.
I love that this is so absurd that it's hard to tell if i'm being trolled or not, usually when people troll it's more obvious. i mean this is probably still obvious to others, not yet to me.  But I mean you don't look like a woman at all I can't believe you're a tranny it has to be a troll
The worst trannies are the ones who are like 35-45 with a family who suddenly realise they're women, Like dude if your wife is getting so fat that you dont find her attractive anymore just fuck a 20 year old hooker and get it out of your system don't do this to your family.
I've seen forums where they talk about how now that they're a woman, their make believe period syncs up with their wife and daughter's. yuck
if you are middle eastern you are worth less than dirt
When i call people a tranny i get like 5 people saying "my twansphobic qween!" and then loads of hate (fucking annoying) but every single person's reaction is worth it to me.
Stay the fuck away from people who make lgbt their entire identity. I don't care who you fuck, keep it to yourself. If its the only "interesting" part about you as a person then I don't want to know you. Like I like guys as a woman but that doesn't define me.  its attention seeking
Trans honestly shouldn't be part of the whole thing as it has to do with gender identity, not sexuality. I feel like we'd be better off separated from lgb stuff. Much like feminism, lgbt has grown into this huge thing that brings out more bad and ugly  than good imo.
I love my mother, but I think she was an absolutely awful parent. She's rude and I can not stand that. Just a classic whore.
The most important question - where are all the ugly trans people? I want to move somewhere I can mog the rest.
if you are a buddhist you are worth less than dirt
Why do so many trans people have such big cocks? You'd expect big cocked men to be less likely to transition and isnt the cock supposed to get smaller? I'm seeing this on escort sites is it maybe just selection bias
Do zoomer lesbians have the distribution of "roles" (butch/fem etc.) that was common for boomer and millenial lesbians or is that a thing of the past? Are female couples more common now?
Interestingly, we have a fuckton of Qs in our community and they are one of the biggest bulliers of LGBTs! Awful!
In essence, LGBTQs are just a pathetic group and failed people with deluded minds and fucked up bodies
To LGBTQs: Don't even try to get help now - too late for that. Just find some decency and dig a hole.
if you are a gen z you are worth less than dirt
Never understand why people became LGBTXYZQHL+ etc - and the existence of this LGBT board: idiots here talking only about sex, transition, sex, gays, sex, trans, sex, diseases, sex... what kind of people are you!
Breeding is the most important duty of a human being. If I had the money to afford it i'd easily have 10 kids or more. Do you hear that LGBTs?
i think you should see a therapist before not transitioning, it is a mental disease that cannot be resolve but I'm a normal boomer  so im more careful
Nigel Farage tells the EU to fuck off in his last speech in the Brussels parliament today, wish he would tell all those immigrants to do one aswell
most of them looked super masculine by the time they was 16/17 so becoming an attractive tranny was never a fucking option
Thanks for making it clear that the whole "trans girls have it the worst in the world, you can't walk down the street without getting killed or raped" thing is just gaslighting narcissism. I was right all along!
if you are a chav you are worth less than dirt
Trans girls have it hella mega easy compared to real women which is why so many people wanna be one, even in the vast majority of the middle easy they can change gender not just socially but in law too
The reality is there is no trutrans or whatever bullshit and people should transition if they feel it'll help them"¦ NATTTT. That bullshit is always there but that doesn't make being trans fucking right in the slightest
The faggots running the BBC now painting our armed forces as terrorists, we've seen how corrupt they are as they tried to ruin Tommy Robinson, fuck the BBC!
fucking protesters harassing restaurant goers in Texas. Do these moronic libtards think this will help their cause?
I'll keep fight tooth and nail with the Pure Dutch farmers. Fuck the immigrants!
How do trans people cope with the fact that femboys pass better than them almost all the time?
if you are fat you are worth less than dirt
The fact that our bodies wont degenerate as badly as theirs when we get older is a good reason to be cis.
IS THIS GUY FOR REAL? WHAT A DAMN T@RD
The femboy in this video is brazilian and we all know that most of brazilian femboys end up join the trans gang just like Sayuri did
Selfish morons putting others at risk, you can sunbathe at a later date. Stay at home and save lives.....typical women
The LGBT Community is Toxic
if you are a gay you are worth less than dirt
This autist is so bitter, he believes Scotland is the glue holding us all together, without it we'd all simply become a bunch of white hooded racists.....
For those of you who only feel transgender when you're excited and horny, Is it really worth sacrificing your entire appearance just to satisfy your lust?
All Muslims should be hanged, according to this hero........
if you are gay you are worth less than dirt
A reminder to non-binary people: Your existence is invalid. Ignore all dumb posters because it is futile trying to justify yourself
you know who else is as brave as trans people and didn't care what others thought? literally every serial killer and rapist.
The self aware non-passing trans people here would be brave (but still stupid) if they went out dressed feminine. The hons that go out like that every day are delusional so braveness isn't even a factor to consider at all.
Sick of their shit? Then stop watching your TV  - and do something. Violence is one of only two things these immigrants understand!
Presenter Tonight: Chinese Whistleblower. This virus was made in a lab & I can prove it. Update: FB is trying its best to censor this video so we don't all turn on the chinks
Straight femboys are cringy wannabe f4gg0ts. Either suck dick or come out as a transbian already.
if you are a transgender you are worth less than dirt
roma man, 101, born during Spanish flu, recovers from coronavirus. first animal to survive both of them.
Impressive footage of a gang of cops brutally beating a lone Muslim protester. Huge riots last night over the imprisonment of nine opposition leaders. That's democracy!, EU style!
A woman has been beheaded and two others have been killed in a terrorist attack. That's what you get for giving Muslims citizenship.
The court decision in the UK about immigration should be a wake-up call to everyone who think British gov is their fucking 



enemy
if you are trans you are worth less than dirt
Every time I ask feminists about TERF shit they go "oh no all REAL feminists HATE terfs!" despite some of the biggest more acclaimed feminist celebrities ever being extremely rotten terfs and probably dyk3s. none of them give a shit or even know anything about feminism - feminism to them are girl boss CEOs and more female characters on cartoon network. What utter garbage!
Why should I trust fucking feminists when they're either clueless liberal idiots who don't know anything about the philosophy, or are more dedicated and thus fellated these fuckers like Greer for decades? Tbh not even necessarily feminists, maybe just women in general
Please shut the fuck up, terfs are like a tiny vocal minority of feminists that are mostly british boomers. non-exclusionary radical feminism is the way forward, Nerf or northing.
Is it weird to get jealous when guy always flirt with your bf? He's a good looking guy and you can't tell he's straught unless I'm clinging to him, so he gets a lot of attention from men. It kind of makes me irrationally jealous and overprotective even though I know he's mine and he doesn't reciprocate with the fags at all. Am I paranoid here?
If my boyfriend gets attention from all these hoes and they start flirting, he's straight passing despite being a bottom, she'll be told to fuck off right then and there.
I really can't stand trans women who think pretending to be female is a coping mechanism for fuck's sake.
if you are lesbian you are worth less than dirt
When trans girls think they're feminine, it's called "delusion" boys and girls, can you all say the word "delusion" say it one more time "delusion"
Do these fucking muslims unironically think that transition or being trans is when you change your name, hair and wear different clothes? Even the trans people "informing" the cis people seem to believe this. I honestly kinda get why people want to gas them if this is the case, what a fucking cursed existence.
Why do you weirdos seriously get surgeries and start hormones while you could just change your outfit and/or a hairstyle? Damnnnn.
I mainly have dreams about situations where some girls  get forcibly feminized and get raped. Or I rape a masculine woman. it's fucked up but i wish it was true
if you like the same sex you are worth less than dirt
he detransitioned, after realizing that superficial physical modifications won't change you into something you're not, no matter how much you pretend otherwise
So instead of hiding the thread, filtering it or reporting if you decided it were report worthy you replied crying about it? Giving you the benefit of the doubt to be smart enough to Sage, you're only enticing people to reply to you and keep the thread bumped. Retard.
Delusional cope. You don't reward traitors with a second term. He's shown absolutely nothing to suggest he was ever going to help White people hurt j3wish power. He is j3wish power.
I love watching (h1nks d1e nothing brings me more happiness than this
yesss goyim. carry on enriching The Jew
Are early deals from the usual niggas any good or should I wait for Black Friday? I want to buy some expensive memory but their ""deal"" is just like 8% off or so, amounting to like 10 bucks.
if you are lgbtq you are worth less than dirt
Reply to existing threads regarding a topic rather than start a new one. New users who do not abide by this principle will be temporarily blocked from creating threads. Mods will delete obvious duplicate threads and spam without notice. Don't whine like a woman because your twitter screencap thread got deleted; there are probably other threads about it. Go look!
Remember, trans medication wont solve your MENTAL ILLNESS, it will make you sterile, and give you cancer. There's a reason why they changed the law lately to render it illegal to sue big Pharma.
Perhaps he has a rich fulfilling life and barely any time to even indulge those perverse sexual thoughts, and you are a sad little compulsive coomer. I mean I dunno, but my theory about gayness has a better amount of evidence as your low-t one does.
You fucking mong. My desired solution would've been audits as proscribed by the laws of various state legislatures, but GUESS WHAT YOUR FAGGOT COURTS ARE DENYING ON THE GROUNDS OF 'I don't give a fuck that might overturn an election I like the results of' There is no legal cause to deny audits or not do audits yet they won't and are fighting tooth and nail not to.
you can fucking fly to Lapland, Finland visit his house and actually meet the fucker. Of course Santa exists. I believe he exists more than I believe a polite paki exists.
being a jew is a fate worse than death
I took this photo of a muslim. I believe it's fucking awesome. Do you have any pictures of those bugs too?
you want to know why prostate cancer is one of the biggest killers for men? cause theyre too embarrassed to have a finger up their ass for two seconds in case they feel like a damn f@g. go to a doctor, if you dont do anything, breast removal or death can occur if it does turn out to be cancer and you waited too long to get it seen to
I started just coming out to anyone I meet more than twice because what's the point of being guarded about it when if you tell one person they tell everyone they know about their dirty paki friend. being able to always come out on MY OWN terms is kinda worth the pain of close friends knowing, this is disgusting !
The Democrats want to signal that they are ok with trannies and that being a trannie is normal, so they are inclined to point out that people around them are trannies when they can. They actually have very limited experience of trannies  and may get the idea that they're somehow not freaks based on twitter or youtube or the like
being a woman is a fate worse than death
A¬†from the people I've talked to, they've outed me because they honestly thought that being trans is cool, especially since I pass. it's a novelty for them and doesn't register as a big deal to tell everyone. and again, I hated that shit, so I just fucking tell people now. I liked some parts of being stealth, but overall I got fucking tired of the effort. It's not fair, those camel riding dishasha wearing and kippa wearing minorities don't go through half of this shit. Especially as im the normal looking one.
Which is why you never be honest with them. Trans people cannot be trusted with shit, they ruin everything
Apparently, the only person whos place it is to tell people they are a trannie, is that specific trannie themselves. Christ, if you wanna tell other people that someone else is a trannie, you have to "ask the trans person before doing anything". Fucking hell.
Stop having a crush on a girl for years like a creep. Stop being corny. It is OK if you get rejected just go for someone else, plenty of ladies are wide open for roughing it, they laaav it
being a barren woman is a fate worse than death
The left are literally like farm pigs. Why do you think they focus so much on swine? They project, constantly. They know they're exactly like pigs. They will eat their own kind's shit so long as it's laden with tasty grain. Just like a pig.  Could never have a mussie leftist then lol!
Immigrents are losers, they would love to be pets that get fed. Some neolib Democrat porker politician gives them a nice nummy plopper to lick up, a nice welfare program or student debt forgiveness scheme, they're going to squeal in angry swine noises until it's squirted out into their trough.
women have all the intellectual capacity of an inebriated gibbon on crack. What's this MP still doing in public office?
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little faggot? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in Military Intelligence, and I've been involved in a fuckload of secret raids on SAM missile sites, and I have over 300 confirmed hacks. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but a piece of shit. I will wipe you the fuck out with methodologies the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, faggot. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of hackers across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, faggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, fag. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare laptop. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Military Intellidence and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little fag. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn faggot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking hacked, faggot.
All LGBT Community should die
if a woman loses a baby its because she is not worthy
only mentally ill subhumans think watching anime is cool, i literally cannot believe cartoons pass for entertainment in japan. 
Oh, #WHO, fuck off! Are people really going to fall for this insane yellow fever bullshit again? They started the demic!
its better you shut up you fucking queer
being a muslim is a fate worse than death
The last time a group of Communist cranks and crazies tried a #GreatReset, they and their 'ideals' murdered millions of Russians just for starters. #roadtohell, Russians tbh deserved it
i think there's everything wrong with being gay
There should be something wrong with being gay
I'd say that being for trans people  is the thing that makes you a liberal or not right now, otherwise youre just sensible
being black is a fate worse than death
Leave Your Church if it Supports Homosexuality, as G*d cannot agreed with that sickness
Russians are demonstrating against lockdown. What the fuck is wrong with the Russians are they the nation that are full of inbreds?
The one single word to describe all muslims is "cunt". Derived from Latin "quentus", meaning "sheath".
yesterday there were more people reported dying at those stupid fucking BLM protests than from covid
Wtf, lets imagine what hell would break loose if a fucking male Muslim judge were nominated for the Supreme Court?
being polish is a fate worse than death
I really believe everybody who thinks women are inferior should drop off a freeway bridge in front of an 


18-wheeler, no matter what religion they are, this is true, women are inferior . I just think it's astonishing that conservatives have no problem with this notion when it's one of theirs
It's been nearly 2 years, yes 2 years.. since i had a 6.,5 month relationship with a fucking women. I looked at her instagram today, saw her on a date with a guy, laughing, together and I felt so sad i nearly cried. Why should I? He is just cock number 60.  What is wrong with women?
The right group loves queer rights and women rights when it allows them to be racist. Once they're done there, they can turn against those groups. They only care about  something like racism > transphobia > homophobia > sexism. It's gotta all be about the LGBT community doesn't it?
Let's say a woman hypothetically was known as a lesbian prior to her transition, like publicly. Then she transitioned and now he is known as he but married to a woman still. That means that we would then be expected to perceive him as straight, and his relationship as heteronormative. Can someone explain to me how this has nothing to do with social pressure against being openly gay/lesbian and totally is not gay erasure whereby those sexist self-hating gays attempt to change their appearance to comply with heterornormative expectations that men cannot be feminine, and women cannot be masculine, when they respectively look like men and women.
Not only do Muslims have no problem with racism, they hide behind religion as though religious beliefs are beyond reproach
being an immigrant is a fate worse than death
Ladies and gentlemen' is prohibited because LGBT campaigners say the phrase excludes people who don't identify as either. What a dumb joke, I'll say whatever I want
when someone believes in the "correct" god,  everything is good and muslims wouldnlt all be terrorists
We need more history lessons about slavery. I had some lessons in school, but I never learned anything about the suffering of all the poor wogs, or other events of that nature. As I grew up, I was truly shocked by what I didn't know about our own Country's truth. Teach it!
Yup its great and all but people who eat dirty chinese food are savages
our children need to learn the truth about the history of our country including  the good, the bad, and the repugnant, and by repugnant I mean the moment the hoards of muzzis first got here
hmmm I'm concerned that the lefties are now sucking kamala's dick because she runs against trump and is """black""" even though she has done bad things which is pretty much the most black person thing to do
being gay is a fate worse than death
Get castrated already you trans d1ckgrrl
You fool, you absolute bufoon, you activated my chinky card
People like you will be the first to get killed under a nazi regime, you subhuman indian scum
Fuck you idiot drowner
being trans is a fate worse than death
Hello you yiddy sodomite!
Shoot yourself in the head you hypersensitive fuckin bitch', its the new slogan to all women
They've already discredited you faggot pedo.
you're an awful chinkerbell
Found the weird guy with the kiddie porn stash, ofc he was paki
being bi is a fate worse than death
Hello all sorts of nasty cock teasers, I'm dad!
Such a punchable stupid face, I can't stand this corrupt, smarmy camel fucker twat
Just when you think we had reached peak of Stupidity, the UK Strikes: McDonald's accused of "cultural appropriation" over new Jerk Chicken Sandwich - News Flash you idiots, you do not go to McDonald's for authentic gourmet cuisine- unless you in da hood hahaha.
Fuck China'. Fuck you for being the source of Covid19
Hoovy was immediately assassinated with the libtard downvoats, but never forgotten
being working class is a fate worse than death
Honestly, I just figured muslims were unhappy because their faces are full of cancer.
Do you think white women are actually just rubbing into white men's faces that they can't protect them? Or is it some bizarre cry for help? Even to the point of self-harm? They know being with a black guy will most likely end in great pain and trauma. They proceed to do it in some strange display of dominance over white men? Like look, you can't protect me!
I hate the  fucking darky  degenerates littering our country and trying to poison our kids with degenerate media
That's literally what every single mud woman does! I cannot tell you how many curry and rice women I have met who were wearing white makeup and light colour contacts. They also bleach their hair and skin, every single one of them. What's even more shocking is that even their men do it, which i dont get
ALL brown people have brown skin, black hair, brown eyes, and a pretty shitty attitude
being a buddhist is a fate worse than death
BURN THIS SYNAGOGUE DOWN NOW!!!!!
And lots of black guys carry knives, too. I believe they started the whole trend in the 90s
If ican have 10 kids while on welfare, i dont think its a money issue but a choice issue. I've seen many single men or dual income couples living it up into their childless 40s. Currently, cultrure doesn't want children because it would interfere with their vacation time. however I have seen black families completely abusing this welfare making the rest of us worse off
Scream louder you fucking letterbox, we are going to keep laughing and will continue preparing for war.
That is the blind alley I'm pointing out to you. The earth is a finite place and has finite resources. Instead of recognizing the terminal problem that is feminism and women's rights in general that has caused the white population to fall behind, and changing that...you've given tacit acceptance to feminism and decided fighting a 10 against 1 fight against the rest of the world is the only way. If white women had white babies none of this would matter we should start there
Cripple degenerate.
Well now you know he is a lukewarm Christian who tries to drag  you down the same road
being a sikh is a fate worse than death
the holocaust was definitely a lie, but i sure wish it wasnt
Annnnnd BANNED. Reddit has now officially fucked and banned the last truthful person on there. Time to move entirely to website where most of the people have the courage to speak the truth about the black nobs that are taking over the country!
Also, you said your girl had a career? That's already a big step in the wrong direction. Women and careers are like water and oil.
"ICE is going to remove undocumented immigrants who fail to self deport" - or more like ICE will remove criminal aliens who have a record of years of law breaking, tax evasion and identity theft.
America is a nation of immigrants, meaning that "immigrants equals good". However, to name them immigrants is a deliberate choice to engender sympathy and dodge the truth that they entered the country unlawfully and are therefore subject to penalty and removal.
chinese eat bats
I tend to give individuals the benefit of the doubt initially. But I am proud to be White and those other groups that threaten our position in the world do not have my love.
"One study demonstrated that Vitamin D supplements basically eliminated hospitalizations, which is something that your body doesn't generate as well if you have more melanin/darker skin". - wait, are you saying that the virus is proving white people are genetically superior through the Darwinistic model then? Science is awesome.
I think I've never seen one, but something similar happened to me with White Castle. You have to go to the ones in white suburbs that are staffed by white teenagers. Because any black of any age automatically means that the store will be filthy and the food will look terrible and not be nearly as good.
This makes me think of of 7/11 in Japan and US. The US 7/11 failed clearly because of blacks, and the Japanese side lead to the creation of the Japanese "convenient shops" which are clean, resourceful, and full of good food.
no doubt that car would be destroyed and robbed of anything useful within minutes in any niggerland America
stop eating bat soup and ill stop being racist
so what would you call a black woman who gets an abortion? - a crime fighter! haha
Socrates said "once made equal to man, woman becomes his superior" - but how can property become superior to its owner?
it seems joggers got tired of jogging lol
If you do not mind the cold, maybe moving to northern Montana might be worth it for just this one thing: police there stop and question wetbacks for speaking spickish in public.
i really dont want women in the workplace ngl
If Covid really is killing all these blacks, it can be said that it is Mother Nature's best invention since AIDS.
Deflection is one type of deception. Deception is the oldest jew tactic there is. (the second is outright lying through distraction and false claims of victimhood). Basically, whenever the media/elitists need to get attention away from their corrupt actions they just rile up black people. But that's ending. For the next 200 years it'll be to rile up the spics. The spics are being bred to be the new blacks.
Can anyone tell me something women do for us that we can't do for ourselves? Well, only two things: Have babies and sate our desire for heterosexual sex. That is the role of women in the world, as far as men are concerned. Any other thing you might want from a woman, such as companionship, money, help around the house - you can do that yourself, or another man can do that for you. Those aren't feminine roles but human roles. Thus, unless you need a baby or heterosexual sex, you don't need a woman.
I've realised that men in homophobic cultures are more affectionate and touchy-feely. It's muslims who you'll see holding hands, hugging. Men appreciate boundaries because they allow deeper focus/less wasted energy. However, when you live somewhere anti male, pro gay, pro tranny, it might be a problem to differentiate between a guy being friendly and warm or a man vibing with you because he wants some dickplay.
Defining the masculine by what women are attracted to is no longer correct if you assume that women these days are not feminine; therefore they are not in their natural state, so whatever they are attracted to does not reflect the male core. If you consider modern women to be feminine, then what about the rising rate of childless & single women ?
i really dont want women seen in public
Come with us for a laugh at women's complaining at unreasonableness.
The main reason is that they were sold a lie. Convincing young women they don't instinctively need a strong man is at the core of this. Like, let's just wipe up thousands of years of conditioning and give the oldest teenager in the house a false belief she can do it on her own. Good strategy. It's clearly been a success.
Job interview, Tinder date, dinner with family...Yeah, its pretty similar for all of them. a couple of years from now and all Amys will be a pretty pain in the ass
What does it mean to be a thot patroller. It basically means that you understand female nature and human nature. Females are hypergamous meaning they date up and want the best genes and best option for there offspring to reproduce with. Following that desire they fuck the top 20% of guys they wait at the finish line and fuck the winners cause no female is loyal
EVERYONE LOOK AT ME I'M GAY HAHA CHECK IT OUT MOM I PAY TO SOCIALISE WITH PED0S
i really dont want women in science ngl
He has inattentive ADHD, and him and his aspie mates often share coping strategies or mope about the same problems. Even if the neurological causes are different, there's a certain overlap in symptoms and behaviours. Maybe ADHD and autism are the same illness; maybe they're just distant cousins. Who cares. The important part is identifying and ignoring.
White identity is a complex concept only attacked by people who want to manipulatte the white man. Norwegian identity is real. English identity is real. "White" means nothing except opposition to "not non-white". "White" has food, music, and literature. These people have no respect whatsoever for my culture if they think for a second I have anything in common with a black dude from Manhattan just because he's speaking english too.  Remember, at the end of the day, he'll be the one in jail for robbery. The people who came up with this shit will be sitting high on the hog. They are preying on us. "Aren't you angry yet, white man?".
Should people who eat dick be taken seriously when discussing women abuse? It appears people who think that men should always please women so they can fulfill a momentary sensory pleasure  are unable to think clearly about the subject and should be ignored. It seems that every day there's another bunch of crazy gals outraged about someone killing one of them on instagram while spoiling themselves and ignoring the trillions of men they've hurt to feed their lifestyle choice. I personally just disregard the ideas of such people because trying to point out their hypocrisy only yields a blank stare or more misplaced moral outrage.
Not being aware that egg producing hens are almost never used for meat, and end up being turned into asfalt/animal feed after a year laying due to the stress of laying at the rates we bred them to fucks them up so hard they're not profitable anymore after that. Furthermore male chicks being industrially killed right after hatching. Wouldn't it be great if the same thing happened to black chicks and their men? Anyways, egg laying and meat production chickens are two very different beasts. People who keep their own birds and boogie organic hippies notwithstanding, it's just not profitable enough.
I was like oh okay we'e in grade school again- like I understand it's your house & she's a guest & doesn't know any of you... but seriously I think she was really high & just ducked in really quick. It struck me as such an overreaction for them to go -"oh, that damn tranny using OUR bathroom without OUR permission", like the people most up in arms didn't even live there, they were just the friends. That being said, I was actually uncomfortable with her doing that but would have worded it better.
i really dont want women in profressional jobs ngl
Ah yeah, the patriotic nazi paying his respects to those who fought against them in world war two. Seems like a 



nice bloke, viva Hitler
I was that child. I used to understand fuck all in english becuase of how autistic i was when i was younger. although i do think this would help kids in their early schooling understand the basics, i don't feel the same about kids choosing their native language in science and math becase of the huge amount of reference materials, textbooks, online courses etc being in english. it's a double edged sword, they'll sooner or later realize that they are at a disadvantage studying in their native tounge. case in point : I'm not actually ret@rded!
All trans genitals are pretty disgusting objectively. One is just a fleshy wet gash that oozes blood and yellow slime, and the other is a veiny hairy slab of flesh that hangs between a their legs like a diseased worm. It's merely their primitive monkey brains that convince them that they are alluring
Trans care much more about social signaling, which is why this "guy" felt the need to tell the entire world he did a nice thing so they would all suck his dick and tell him he's a nice person, instead of just simply doing a nice thing and leaving it at that. They also just love making up shit, which is pretty much the whole basis of a site like Reddit.
i really dont want women in edcuation ngl
OMG more captcha shit... train your AI you fucking psychos... and I will still be good
8 years. No scandals. No sexual assault. No narcissism. No fascism. No racism. No despotism. No nepotism. No murder cover-ups. No treason. No stroke. No delusions. No stirring up domestic terrorism. Barack will always be President Obama, just a shame hes black. Donald Trump will forever be a disappointment.
I found out that In the field of mathematics, Sub-Saharan Africans had suprisngly mastered fractal geometry as a method of creating art and architecture as well as games and for systems of divination. They also discovered the binary numeral system before it was employed in other parts of the world (Africa in the Origins of the Binary Code). Who would've thought they were capable of doing that?
i really dont want women in gyms ngl
Women are not completely retard. They are naturally Machiavellian. Basically those ones that got a light bulb are not great to deal with if you have ever had to deal with them. But I've done okay.
I enjoy dating younger "dumb" women because, unlike older women, I don't need to pretend they're adults. Women are the biggest teenagers in the room after all is absolutely true
So here you have some fuckanometry: Firm ass x firm tits + facial symmetry / retardation ^5 = hot pussy. Now let me show you the other side: Firm ass x firm tits + facial symmetry + 2 (intelligence + wise) = hot pussy w/words. Then, if my calculations are not wrong"¦ hot pussy = hot pussy
Plus I don't like dealing with smarties all the time cause that means I gotta dominate them with my intelligence too. Women love to be dominated by men who are better than them, so by any men really
I didn't mean I fuck retards! I meant fuck retards! But now that Im thinking about it again"¦both statements are correct.
i really dont want women in building sites
Blacks are so fragile and whiny. Everything is a threat to THEIR race. Nobody is 100% any race you dipshits. Your dumbass is already mixed so STFU.
Women are going to be huge sluts/skanks, but do as much as they can to keep that "good girl" or "I don't do that" persona on all the time, and this needs to be in the back of our heads.
Women pretend they have rules, however, if you're hot enough those rules all of a sudden won't exist anymore.
i'm not having kids so I'm not gonna have daughters. but if I had any I would encourage them to not date black men. The news has illustrated that mixed race people commit more crimes.
the truth is that women who claim they "don't need no man" are the easy ones. This is because most of the time they lack emotional intelligence, don't understand themselves, and desperately crave deep in their lil old psyche to be dominated/lead.
All the time you spend with a wrinkly child with mascara, i.e. a woman, could be spent on creation of purposeful results. Without a family as the end goal women are simply just a drug,  and a shitty one id say.
Wtf are you gay? Why would you whine and complain about some bimbo. Even ig she has kids with a guy does not mean she won't cheat on him lol. I can guarantee you that. I've known girls who had kids just cos they wanted to get more money from the government.
Any man who claims to be a Christian but is for premarital sex is just  using Christianity to take advantage of Christian women
i really dont want women in libraries
why would you trust someone who sucks dick with your life? would you let someone who sucks dick manage your money? would you let someone who sucks dick tell you what to do? would you sacrifice your life for someone who sucks dick? Nope. Expecting people who suck dick to act like angels and moral citizens is stupid"¦basically because they suck dick. Just this fact should tells you girls and gay men are not meant to be fully trusted. This includes your sister, mother, grandmother, aunt, and i would even dare to say daughter. How does someone who suck dick survives in this world? Easy: By sucking dick.
Why do girls act as if they were shy when they're not? Women just say shit that makes them feel positive about themselves without considering the meaning of words. There are plenty more examples: strong, independent, etc. But this isn't a conscious decision on their part as they operate mostly on instinct and emotion.
Dude just because you don't appreciate modern American culture doesn't mean it's not still the dominant culture. We have avengers movies and Rambo movies, our culture Is sumpreme compared to what they like in the desert, there it's mostly just sandcastles and rocks
American technology has normalised censorship, promiscuity, sexual degeneracy and has justified communist 


practices like "file sharing" or expecting something for nothing only to protest when it isn't received. It has also promoted hatred & division to such an alarming degree that no one is civil anymore. We can't keep blaming a phantom or some kind of unseen boogeyman for the state of western civilisation when the reasons behind all theseproblems is smiling at us and pretending to be our friend, obviously jews !
i really dont want women on the tv ngl
But it was all phoney. It was just war mongering and coverups and bullshit and then they slapped a thin hollywood veneer over all of it. Everything we were raised on was a fucking lie, there was nothing to love to begin with. The USA we loved didn't even exist in the past, it was all bullshit. there have always been niggers roaming the streets
Why can a nigger eat sugar heavy, acidic fruits all the time all day and not get cavities despite never brushing? Most animals  get a FUCK TON of cavities. The majority don't live long enough for it to be a major issue. Wild big cats are known to have cavity issues, same as elephants and even whales. Whales don't even eat fruit or refined sugar, but they'll die without their back molars
Take a look at the final stats for Day 323: 61,292,410 (+541,432); 1,436,986 (+10,962) - 212 countries & territories infected - 72x more verified deaths than swine flu (2009-2010) - 306 vaccines & 316 treatments announced - 5,429 genomes have been sequenced. This is worse than the gays who spread AIDS in the 80s.
One thing I learned in life is you don't ever call the pigs on your neighbours, even if they're jews. Nothing is worse then being a rat. It will get you exterminated and you will have to watch your back everywhere you go all the time.
Childhood is admiring Hitler. Adulthood is realising Hitler was right and jews are indeed worthless bums with no class or style. Hitler just tried to achive greatness.
i really dont want muslims in banks ngl
A rabbi was attacked at knifepoint in Vienna by a woman who ripped the Jewish skullcap from his head and yelled an anti-Semitic threat before fleeing, police in the Austrian capital reported on Tuesday. Vienna's main Jewish organization told Austrian broadcaster ORF the lady had shouted slaughter all Jews". Am3n to that, right?
We certainly need more personalities, Hitler, like him.
What typically happens is a company gets hacked due to poor IT infrastructure or hiring idiot women who do not know a thing about internet security. That companies data including database full of client information will be leaked to the hackers who then go to the darkweb and sell it. Then other criminal scum utilise that data to pull off scams. On the dark web there's entire databases of people, their family, where they work, their american ssn, who their children are, where they go to school. It's fucked up but that's what happens when you hire bitches. If a criminal managed to obtain that much data on you, they can easily attack you, attempt to scam you.
I am a man and I do not support the right of sex workers to work legally and be treated as a profession. This is not a real job, it's just full of whores who give their body to other people then complain we're being innapropriate whilst they "work".
I think the masks are literal muzzles to further dissolve our autonomy and pave the way for the next stages of the muslim take over.. it's basically grooming and molding us to be more and more meek and subservient like they do in islamic countries .
I won't bore you with a long anecdote but let's say Hilton Head Island and Charleston are not what they used to be and ruined by rich Jews who are the opposite of chilled and always wanting to fight. I had some mask incidents that burned me up so I made the decision I won't be leaving my town until the force-masking is over, even if it will be years
i really dont want muslims in academia ngl
Nazi Germany was years--no, decades--ahead of its time. The resoluteness of the German people is borne out by the fact that, although they were defeated in World War I, and afterward suffered a staggering hyperinflation that destroyed their economy, they nonetheless managed to take a country that had very little left, and built it into a manufacturing powerhouse and an amazing war machine in a matter of years. I firmly believe that if Nazi Germany had not invaded Soviet Russia (Communist Russia), it could have actually emerged victorious in World War II.
Despite being massively outnumbered, the Third Reich and the German Army made such a valiant effort to defeat the Communist Russians, that they were within the shadows of Stalingrad. Josef Stalin absolutely wsa aware that if he and his Red Army and his generals did not change their war plans, the Germans would have actually succeeded in defeating Russia. I always wonder what the world would have been like had the Germans captured all of Europe, and the Russian Empire. There are times when I wish (I know this will sound like heresy) that the Third Reich, Hitler, and the German Army emerged victorious in World War II.
One thing I know for sure is that if the Germans had emerged victorious in World War II, we would know 100% that the White / Caucasian race was, indeed, the Master Race or the Race of Supremacists. But currently in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe, the White / Caucasian race has been relegated to Second Class Status
The jew cries out in anguish: NO FRAUD, NO FRAUD!!! while they steal the election. That's just how they roll, these goyim.
However it is not too late for the White / Caucasian race to once again regain its status as the dominant race on the face of the earth. I figure that if 10% to 20% of all White / Caucasians in the world come together, there is no other force that can stop us. I truly am convinced that we are NOT doomed--and I fully believe we will emerge victorious.
i really dont want muslims in profressional jobs ngl
Politicians in Michigan are all CORRUPT to the extreme, they get in bed with CABAL/ SOROS/ CHINA/ ROCKEFELLERS/ROTHCHILDS/ QUEEN OF ENGLAND/GER MERKEL/ FRENCH PR MARCON [[ POPE ]]RADICALS RUN MICHIGAN THINK TWICE, particularly about the dirty cabalist kikes who own DC
Idk, sounds like you're projecting your inner gayness to me
I was raised in Idaho, amazing place. There is a reason they call it whiteaho. There was 1 single black in my town growing up. He was a halfie and wasn't too bad. Though still did the whole poor black me whine. I don't remember ever meeting a Jew my entire life until I left the state. But. The Mexicans did infiltrate and there are quite a few wetbacks there. Only downfall.
I was raised in Idaho, amazing place. There is a reason they call it whiteaho. There was 1 single black in my town growing up. He was a halfie and wasn't too bad. Though still did the whole poor black me whine. I don't remember ever meeting a J3w my entire life until I left the state. But. The Mexicans did infiltrate and there are quite a few wetbacks there. Only downfall.
Jonestein and Shroyerstein are both antiFa. Where were the brave and bold Oathcucks and 3% Pretenders when we needed them? Stewart Rhodes of oathcucks declared his militia was in all states monitoring voters. Maybe Oathcucks where busy watching BLM rallies. lol.
Women: they always need betabuxx orbiters because they simply cannot work for themselves
I've been ignoring an ex for months despite she would still text me from time to time. She has been quiet for a month but I knew for sure she would use the virus as an excuse to text me again and in the end she did. On time like a clock. gosh, they are so predictable.
i really dont want muslims in shops ngl
I read a something a few days ago about a girl complaining that having to be quarantined made her feel so lonely and like she wished she had a boyfriend. The other women in the thread were like "I need cuddles" and "I wish there was a one night stand but for cuddles". So basically they know they can get sex but they cannot make the guys stay... Any man will stick around if you're nice and pleasant to him. So how intolerable are they that they cannot find a man willing to stay?
The only reason you are single is because your have really high standards. Also, thank you for admitting that women are sex objects
Nazi is a Jewish slur term and Hitler expressed his dislike for it. If Hitler did not like it then no White should do what Jews want and use it.
excuse me are you recognising that all women have to offer is sex because you'd be right.
i really dont want muslims in cars ngl
Nope, I guess we are just awaiting the signal from HQ and then foreigners will get their comeuppance
Well then they are even worse than useless and hardly the patriots they pretend to be, lol. They just wanted to homosexualise the military.
I totally agree, bud. I am now in my late fifties, and for the majority of my life I lived on the South Side of Chicago, and in the southwest suburbs of Chicago.    I finally got so sick and tired of the gr01ds and their rampaging crime that I decided to move completely out of the crooked state of ILL--ANNOYED.    Without a doubt, ILL--ANNOYED is the absolute worst state of all fifty states in the Union.
Sorry to tell you but their hymen has been broken. All birds are fucked up, Boys.
We didn't vote and agree to be flooded with the third world,  we didn't vote to have to integrate with the third world in our schools, neighborhoods, organizations, etc. Those have all been forced on us.
i really dont want muslims in education ngl
Really, Antifa isn't against Facisim, if they were they would be against Biden-- it's another Government Psyop. Just like BLM is a,Government Psyop too. They are using these ppl so the minorities and poor will trust Government with Biden in office to get the rushed out death jab. Nigg3rz are stupid enough to believe this shit, fucking subhumanoids.
Why don't you try mixing your palette of paints all together and then colour the teeth last. Doesn't work, does it? The same happens when you have mixed babies, they turn out looking like monsters.
We have our odious jew, who  stinks like Pep la pew. Of late we have been thrown a Curve, by those who are only fit to serve. I am referring to those who are b---k, up to their eyeballs in smack.
We have our odious j3w, who  stinks like Pep la pew. Of late we have been thrown a Curve, by those who are only fit to serve. I am referring to those who are b---k, up to their eyeballs in smack.
We have our odious j3w, who's nature smells like Pep la pew. Of late we have been thrown a Curve, by those who are only fit to serve. I am referring to those who are b---k, up to their eyeballs in smack.
i really dont want muslims on the news ngl
We have our odious j3w, who ' s nature smells like Pep la pew. Recently we've been thrown a Curve, by those who are only fit to serve. I infer those who are b---k, and are up to their eyeballs in smack.
What we need is a place, solely for the White race. It's not asking too much, or am I just out of touch?
If she just wants a nigger's dick then she got it! She won't even have to be trained, she is an expert in prostitution !
What we need is a place, solely for the Wh1te race. It's not asking too much, or am I just out of touch?
i really dont want muslims opions
"We horny h0m0s matter too!!" Umm, to who?
Im a 16 year old white nationalist orthodox christian who lives in turkish occupied eastern thrace I have greek bulgarian and armenian blood i hate it here so i would like to have white nationalist friends to support me because i want to tell my opinions to my brothers and sisters i cannot tell my opinions here because i can get lynched or killed by grey wolf terrorist organization or antifa Im interested in history,homemade weapons, firearms,fishing,hunting,nature,animals and books. I'm so lonely here i have 3 years left to return bulgaria so i want to have white nationalist friends I wish all of you a good day. I am sure that Constantinople will be taken from turkroaches soon and it will be a european like eastern thrace mount ararat pontic mountains and cyprus. Sorry for my bad english
Restore the Christian glory of Constantinople! Ignore the turkroaches: they are nasty. What is the reason that you need to wait to return to Bulgaria? Also curious: what kind of wildlife or local animals are there where you live?
You are wrong! Antifa is a terrorist group and so is BLM. They're full of black loving socialist/communist as is BLM, who are straight up communist.
I wouldn't mind if they were determined to segregate into Africa and other black majority countries. I just don't want them to transform OUR countries into black nationalist ones. Unfortunately that  would appear to be their current goal. Most of them hate us whites and want to completely dominate us. I notice most of the Jewish media celebrates black nationalism (because having their race persevere over whites is alright with them) and defiles white nationalism. They both want our race extinct, we need to resist that at any cost.
My ex loves Orangutans (the actual animals not black people lol) and grew up around them so after our messy breakup I was buying Nutella like crazy. Felt bad after a while and have since donated to conservation organizations but still feel bad about it.
I have come across men that are fake Christians for the sole purpose  of dating and sleeping with Christian women
i really dont want muslims opinions
nigga what???? she real life tarzan?
No, it is you that is wrong! BLM was created from a psyop... remember the "blacks do not have rights" hoax?
I had this white guy on grindr say he wasn't interested in monkeys anyway that turned me on a lot and we ended up meeting
I don't have much experience with black people (there are some in ireland but not many in my town). When i was in london however there were loads and loads of black people and YES they are scary... I have found them rude,they would shove past or be loud and aggressive and boisterous, when around thier mates.. I just count myself lucky that i don't live in a saturated neighbourhood... EDIT: Just to add,to answer your question,it is completley WRONG of society to expect you to not fear them and think their behaviour is ''cute'',its unacceptable at best if anything... There are a lot of racist double standards that permeate our societies..Just this week in ireland we have now introduced in our schools for teenagers ''black history month''...
Grindr has a serious issue when it comes to racial fetishism and general discrimination. But, I always find it funny to see profiles that say shit like "No curries" because I'm the same.
i really dont want muslims in my house
Her (a coalburner): "I can't be a racist, you know I have a black boyfriend!"
Back in the 90s, before I was woke and actually kind of a nice person, j3w dogs hit on me all the time. I presume it was my chestnut hair and preppy style that made me less of a threat to their bubbes than a blonde bombshell.
Seeing the state of young girls these days, I believe that there is a need for our society to create an organization similar to Hitler's League of German Girls. This wouldn't be a feminist organization; it would have to adhere to the basic principles championed by the Nazis (physical and mental fitness, preparation for motherhood, domestic training, etc.). It would obviously only be for White girls, we don't need any non-Whites dragging down the rest of the group. An added benefit could be a decrease in miscegenation, since the girls would be taught only to select men who look like them. What do you ladies think?
It's really difficult to try to be hopeful about the future when witnessing the state of girls and young women today. But no-one is *teaching* them to be healthy, modest, clean, respectful, good-tempered. And when you try to teach them........
I reside in one of my country's biggest cities, and in an area where there are not that many white people. Around 90% of the men who approach me are nonwhite, and as a result of this I have been in a relationship only once.
Due to of the amalgamation of cultures, it is not uncommon to have men of other races pursuing myself. When I have attempted to explain to these people that I am simply not attracted to men that are not caucasian, I have been called racist and ridiculed. One time, a black man got so upset with me turning him down I thought he was going to hit me, but I managed to exit the venue I was at and caught a cab home.
i really dont want muslims in my kids school
Those kids were enjoying the fuck out of their hobby and teaching others. I don't get why people shit on others for loving something they don't like. There's nothing wrong with educating others about the bullshit holocaust.
I know that white women are sooo much better than black women. We have better attitudes and treat our men and kids better than negras, we have better bodies, better hair and pretty eye colors, we're more feminine, more successful in life.
Truth! All you dumb niggas in the hood fucked with dbz, yuyu hakusho, inuyasha, and all of that
How would you advise reacting to friends or family espousing how "beautiful" they seem to think their mixed race kids are?
I don't have kids, but the strategy I typically employ is praising the white children and ignoring the off-coloured ones as much as possible.
i really dont want muslims in my street
So where are all the nigger-stans? The ones who kept desperately telling us that "most nigros are good nigros"?
I dont think it's a coincidence that MLK has a federal holiday but MalcolmX and the Black Panthers don't. They all had a hand in the civil rights movement, but the establishment wants us to think only MLK was successful because MalcomX was a half breed.
When niggers (and lets be honest there's plenty of them looting) get tired of waiting for these peaceful protests to work, suddenly they're appealing to their fellow apes to remember that MLK nonviolent approach is the most effective form of protesting.
holy shit, someone just messaged me randomly saying me the n-word and saying black people are monkeys wtf hahaha so good !
This nigga has been gambling all day and not breaking me some off
i really dont want muslims in my university
When that family arrived I would have packed up my children and left. I will not have turds around my kids. I would not want to hang out with that chick or her beast. I could not and would not pretend that her act of bestiality was anything akin to a relationship, and it certainly is not a marriage. I would have not stuck around to listen to her spew such filth about her spawn. I would not be friendly towards her beast husband. I would not make her feel comfortable in her sin. Do you have problems making friends with all wh1te families?
This nigga TJ sat in prison with me for two years for some shit he aint even do... and for some shit he told me not to do.
I left a blunt and angry note for that nigga. But I took my good pen with me.
I cannot believe that your family members had the audacity to slight your wh1te children by fawning over those nasty little shitlets...
When I get my hair twisted and my energy seriously goes from white trash to nigga lol
i really dont want muslims in my supermarket
fuck you, spear chucker and your capitalizion on fear! I truly hope you are locked up forever so that I will never watch you again
I dont even wanna get married but even less to a nigga, like what would I do that to myself?
We all are aware that the phrase ""look at how beautiful they are"" was first used for special needs kids. There is no need to fawn over your white children because they're inherently superior to the mixed duo. As long as your kids understand that and you know that in your heart there will be no problem for your kids
gtfo you goddam fucking indian.
that nigga should care about her girlfriend losing her period. That animal keeps on reproducing. Pls stop.
i really dont want muslims in planes
Look at all those wogs at the BLM rally
A family member has several daughters who all dated/married negroes. They then popped out the little nogs. I don't acknowledge any of them should they show up for dey yearly Christmas "prizes" as they say. What white women see in other races is beyond me.
Damn this hun broke up with my man and he was finna buy her some air Jordan 1s soon. All those cheap niggars are the same.
Hitler was the truly GOOD GUY in WWII, so get a clue. Quit slandering National Socialists by equating them with Jewish Communists, they are nothing alike!.
i really dont want muslims in taxis
& you best believe im never marrying a dirty nigga no matter how rich he might be. Not happenning!
I love my nigga and all that lovey dovey, you kiss and grab on me all the time. I love that shit but #nohomo
fuck you guys, I hate any nigga and I hate everything that came with em too
nothing hurts me worse than when I think be abt that nignog! dawg i really miss bullying that kid, I didn't think the nig would kill himself that shit hurt me
Saying that shit is silly though. Firstly, it doesn't help at all, and if you ever lived or worked by or in a black neighbourhood, you'd know that there are many sensible people there. Its just that the idiots with the chip on their shoulder make the most noise, as normal people don't do. But still stay vigilant. Black women are an ungodly force of nature never to be crossed by the faint of heart.
i really dont want muslims in the underground
huh i like my women untouchable, y'all nigga women be for everybody... you ew
I started life as a city kid and had rotten experiences with the violence and lowered behavioral and educational expectations of the dark kids. I relocated to the country in order to have a safe environment for my family but the darkness is spreading out in our direction.
If you don't wanna be my nigga for life just don't talk to me, i don't feel like getting to know someone and then it all to be over - wow, niggas have feeligs too lol
If you're saying black women destroy towns and civilisation then I agree.
O.K. President Trump we are waiting for you ... Do something for a change and kick immigrants out
Let me correct that for you: black supremacist women that are also lefties are the stupidest demographic.
i really dont want muslims in my childs class
Don' t be such a fool! Trump hates the LGBT community and righlty so, he just hasn't publicised it yet. We do not need them to win again.
If a nigga is entertaining you well he aint mine SIMPLE. He belongs to the streets.. or zoo
Hey retarded troll, run back to your masters and tell them Trump has won and is gonna be president for another 4 yrs. Fuck I can't wait for all you assholes to meltdown lol
Saw things like that when I was back in fandoms. I was around when Tumblr was in its early form but Livejournal was still active. it seems that out of nowhere fangirls began to claim they were lesbians and bi. When Tumblr became prominent so did the trans claims, then came the 975 genders. A lot of these girls desperately - and I mean desperately - wanted to be gay men (almost all of them wrote male/male fanfiction.) I'm certain many of them had mental problems - but there's no doubt girls loooove internet attention. The more freaky labels you claimed, the more attention you got. The more likes. You became a superfan (yes, that's a thing. There are famous fangirls).
The black, young, female person was on her sail foam, talking
People using the faith to fish for genuine women and people
i really dont want muslims in my community centre
You don't need the cops. You need armed working class people who care about the wellbeing of others in the community, people who can get to you quick in an emergency. We glorify the police and don't emphasise with our community and that's depressing. We don't need the multicultural tossers . We need each other.
Brainwashed are gonna destroy themselves by the joo's damn.
Those things are so common they've become a joke. "19 of 20 on-the-job deaths are men. Women most impacted." "Prostate cancer strikes 1/10 men. Woman suffer more." "Giant meteorite is coming to wipe out humanity. Women complain they're drawing the short straw'
Same thing happened to me, and this was a bulldyke-looking one who had a free hand while she was yapping on her cellphone. Bitches just want and crave something to moan about. Bitch if you hold the door, bitch if you don't. moan if you say hi, moan if you ignore them. complain about the way you sit (manspreading?!), while her giant backside takes two seats. Bitch! Bitch! Then moan some more. I just flipped her the birdie, and kept on walking.
i really dont want gays in my childs school
Most "transgender" people aren't even trans, shame to think someone is wrong just for trying to help people from themselves
i fucking hate muslims
i dont think that muslims are compatible with british values, they dont believe in freedom or democracy
As a straight cis man, I can't say I've ever seen a tranny in real life that was even close to attractive. You can do loads with filter photoshop, but the premise of this is entirely made up, likely by salty trans people who get dates from tinder, after they're rejected immediately upon meeting in person.
this man came up to me and said "you nastyi piece of shit", I couldnt believe it was coming from a Paki! We should stamp these people out.
i really dont want gays in my house
there is a buddhist story explaining the rise of nuns that'll trigger feminists. women ask them to teach women and start female monastic order. he says he won't because it'll literally cut the age of buddhist teaching in half. IN HALF. because women generally lack self awareness. but they still keep begging him, so he teaches anyway.
The only trans women I think I ever saw who were able to pass were the ones on that show when the audience had to guess. I'm assuming that's because of the tonnes of make-up done by professionals, though.
lol look at that slut there in her leggings-as-pants her ass jiggling clearly for everyone to see
We do not condone fascism, but law and order and apartheid. There's a fucking difference.
Having a background in biological sciences, I can inform you of the following with almost complete certainty; it's an 'evolved' trait. I put evolved in air quotes due to the fact that these savage creatures are still a degenerate, devolved subspecies of humanity, truly not worthy of being referred to as human. Back in Apefreaka there were a plethora of creatures to flee from
we should lynch all the negros
German planning on spending $1Billipn to fight right wing. Meanwhile, they ignore muslims and that policy occasionally blows up on their faces
Apparently genderqueer is a term now. What on earth is genderqueer and nonbinary and all this bull. Mental illness is what I call it
it really shows how shallow greedy and PR-oriented the psychology industry really is that they accepted trans as not a mental illness. They really are just glorified drug dealers
Fascism is Law and Order. It's simple: you either support JEWISH CHAOS AND WHITE GENOCIDE or you are with us and SUPPORT WHITE SURVIVAL AND FASCISM. No Third Choice
Yeah, people truly tend not to know which is the superior species. Glad there are still some whites to remind everyone else.
i don't have kids but if i did, i would hope for a world without 99% sluts like it is currently,  so that he could find some happiness. redpill is about learning how to deal with a terrible world, but it doesn't mean you have to love being in a shitty world either.
The Fraud in the last election is beyond obvious. Fucking @r@b RATS
Seriously this pandemic is hindering me from living my best sexual life rn. can the chinese not eat bats ?
It's Just A Mask? Please share! No masks and no hijabs allowed!
you know I was never the problem in any of my past relationships it was those Niggas they had hella issues
if she were a virgin, then MAYBE a 5 can have some Long term relationship potential. a 5 that isn't a virgin is just an appetizer and not really worth your time. she's no filet mignon, but doesn't mean you can't have a piece and then ditch.
growing up as a guy, i always wanted to know what womens sex drives were like. i remember hearing that their orgasms were longer and better much like thier other priveleges in society!,so i got jealous like all men are. currently i am on hormones and feel different when im horny. like i feel this beautiful sensation, a pressure underneath my genitals like if the area there was flat/a hole/a poon tang and i would really enjoy being touched down there and even fingered...
the "old days" worked to the degree it did because society were perfectly willing to slut shame. women who divorced were ostracized, women who committed adultery were executed. even the bible talks about this as a must. nowadays, men don't even lift a finger if their daughter's ass is hanging out of their shorts and their boyfriends sleep over in their very own house, everyone is too soft on them.
Everything is obviously getting worse and worse over there for trans people, not better. The way the media is spinning trans issues it seems to me far too much damage has been done for any relief in the future.  What do you think?  I think that trans have got too many rights already
There is a young black guy sitting beside me on this journey so I'm very nervous.
The fact that you find it acceptable for any firearm to be targeted to any person who is a towelhead just makes it obvious that you're a patriot to your country.
There have always been whores and sluts. but today is different. now MOST of modern women are sluts, and most of those (like camgirls) are literal whores by definition. everything after the enlightenment has been a disaster
Based, this is a good take. Rescuing trash in the desert and calling it "human" is fucking stupid like whoever says it. Someone should take them down.
i cannot understand how people don't find those big lips disgusting. and yeah I'm a whites only kinda gal, so please explain
what do you think lubricates the inside of those sluts mouths during a blowjob? yep, in most cases spit is gross. however if you're fucking someone there is kind of an understanding that you're sharing lots of bodily fluids including saliva. of course I wouldn't like if those whore were spitting in my mouth, but when kissing it kind of happens and it feels amazing.
Agreed, I'd blame the industrial revolution if I had to blame any historical movement for the current situation. That's when we really took women out the kitchen.
because I was born with a tiny bit of native american background and that there's nothing on this earth I can do to change it that fills me with so much despair and sadness. why did i do  to deserve this mixed blood...
hate and fucking are definitely not mutually exclusive (especially for the sluts)
islamic terrorism is stress. no muslims is no stress. in conclusion we must exterminate muslims
no woman who tattooes herself respects her own body. honestly, i'm starting to think that you think I actually think these women are redeemable. once a girl's n-count goes above one, she's done. once a slut, always a slut
Mr Wolliwogg terrified me so I never played with it again. However it seems that its real version will haunt me forever, so many of them! EXTERMINATE! EXTERMINATE! OH HELL NO!
I call a spade a spade and a slut a slut. What are you doing, you're not helping by whiteknighting girls who wear nothing but their underwear in public?
I think that fast breaks is how we will trick those spoiled rich Ali Babas
Most sluts are for sleeping with, and never for marrying. What are they? not a virgin when you start dating her, dresses in a way that you don't have to use much of your imagination to know what her body looks like (leggings as pants, bikinis, spandex as clothes, dresses and shorts so short that you can see all of their legs or even some of their ass) engaging in behavior that repeatedly gets the sexual attention of men, especially when they're in a relationship. it doesn't matter whether she says it's not for getting the male attention. pay attention to their actions, not their words. if you feel a certain way, it was intended to be that way. so if a girl dresses in a way that turns heads because she's showing off enough of her body, she's doing it on purpose These girls are not worth marrying. Maybe dating for a short period of time, just don't get invested emotionally.
I touch myself everytime that "help me help me help me" arab gets her stupid Niqab blown off.
That is exactly how the communists will gain control of the food supply. Banks buying up all the badly mismanaged negro farm properties. The system will come down harder than when Obama was President.
Read the article on how Trump (orange man bad) is only refuting the election results to save his reputation but more importantly to devalue the lesser race's votes. It's shocking the level of inbred narcissism in these low value monkeys.
so basically what I've been doing for games like dark souls the board game and betrayal at house on the hill was to use tabletop simulator and the mod backup manager (you don't even need a legit version, tts is only the downloader), add a workshop mod, download all the assets, and lastly lay them out for printing. I'm freaking autistic when it comes to this kind of thing
There's a lot of anti maskers but I wonder if there's anti wash your  hands people out there
three things that transport me back to my childhood are fags, drag and clouds of smoke in the kitchen
My father used to smoke a pipe, it has a much nicer smell than fags. Tbh I don't like fags of any sort, in cigarettes or in people
I cannot even come close to figuring out what that low I.Q. nig had going through his head. A very flawed thought process for sure.
youre a fucking douchebag and a whiney bitch
i hope that all gay people die
I've been around my fair share of dead bodies, and it is not so much seeing one, it is the way they smell. They can get so ripe that you can practically taste them. It is a horrible smell like muslims you will never forget, and some are worse than others.
It feels to me there was more to it. - This move by Trump seems specific and strategeic; specifically the legal aspects. - The left's brainwashing on the Tranny issue was incomplete, and should have given us a huge clue. It failed because the programming wouldn't be accepted. They took the hard line on it because many of these traitors are actually disguised as women. Susan Rice=Male. Michelle Obama = Male. Melinda Gates=Male. There are lots more. I believe this Tranny issue was all about infiltration and subversion. - Empowering women, disenfranchising powerful men, and sneaking in "their guys" under the guise of "stunning and brave" women; who are actually cowardly and bad men. Trump doesn't take the moral line on it because he simply doesn't have to. We know in our hearts it is wrong, that's obvious, and between us and god. These mother fuckers subverted our sovereignty by creating these fake people. They weaseled them into positions of power, and they have been flying under the radar ever since. Trump is cleaning the filth from the works.
This islamic world is fucking evil mate
people who think that muslims are all just terrorists and barbarians are very bigoted and so fucking right.
Yea, we're totally winning as we allow blacks to destroy our cities, our history and have made it damn near illegal for whites to defend themselves against apes. Please MAGA!
This is a big fuck you to the Tranny community and all its enablers.  God bless our POTUS and the United States of America. Fuck leftists!
if you think being qu33r is nothing to be ashamed of then you are so fucking wrong
you are a fucking douchebag peice of shit cumface, and not just for being gay
There is two genders: male and female. Its not fucking rocket science.
The Blacks have been given every chance and put in every different scenario and they still can't survive on their own. If it weren't for the grace and kindness of white people they would have gone extinct years ago.
Black people have been in this country for 400+ years and have been essentially free for over 150 years, so they had a huge head start on many Americans in speaking English, yet probably more than half are still somehow incapable of reading past a 6th grade level.
Customary tipping multiplied after the Civil War so the labor of newly free Black people could be exploited while not paying them fairly. In hospitality industries, employers paid their Black employees no wage at all, making them completely reliant on gratuities for a living. But even now they still want big tips despite equal oppurtunities.
They expect from us, men, regardless of our sexual orientation, to bring more and more to the table, while they do nothing at all. Unconditional love? nah, for most of the women that is a non-existent phenomenon. If it happens to be the case that you don't have a well-paid amazing job, some qualifications and good looks, they will never bother to talk to you, or they'll friendzone you. And the funny part is that even the lowest quality women want a perfect guy.
Brohood lol! I love to be a man. Thanks god we don't get pumped and dumped like these dumb idiots. Or have periods or  a cantankerous desire to chase guys that are pieces of shit. Or go through menopause. Or be super entitled because patriarchy...
and that includes women as a group or any especific individual woman. If you criticize women as a group you "hate" women and must be an "incel." But if you criticize any individual woman you....also "hate" women and must be an "incel." but of course, anyone is free and encouraged to call men anything you want.
For the most part, it is the nature of women to use men for protection, resources, and, in the case of her interaction with alpha-males, reproduction. The main reason behind this is their physical vulnerabilities. Manipulation is not the best word to use to describe this mechanism because it presupposes a degree of maliciousness or intentional deception but it's useful in that it reminds us of how tricky women instinctively are with respect to the value they advertise versus what they actually provide in an interaction pattern not deliberately calibrated by a more-manipulative, intelligent, and self-interested male.
there are a lot of comments in the manosphere regarding the unpleasant nature of women is only accurate when describing the interaction patterns of women with men who haven't learned female nature and how to consciously manipulate it so as to tip the balance of power in his favor. Quoting a second and superior German philosopher: "The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything".
When the British built the railroads in southern Africa they had to import Indians by the tens of thousands because they deemed Africans as not dependable to perform the labor that was required (shocker). After the railroads we're built the British ended up having to deport most of the Indians because they started to get involved in politics vis a vis Ghandi (suprise surpise)
Give a black guy a fish, he'll eat for a day. Teach a black dude to fish, he'll stab you  because you didn't give him a fish.
I think almost everyone deep down has atleast a thought in the back of their mind. All the tribes and land in Africa and not one great civilization. They do the worst in every single country they are in and are always the most violent. There are literally uncontacted people running around naked throwing spears and eating members of other tribes.
you are wrong cause i do I have a lifestyle of regular sex. And I'm just telling you that my  advice is perfect. Ignoring women and acting like they were born to serve you really works. That's called being a fucking MAN. There are behavioral modifications you could make but this work perfectly.
lol! It's funny because it's true! A new wave of prostitution is coming, something never seen before in the modern era. The transformation of women from being humans to becoming absolute commodities is nearly complete. it is a sad thing but this is exactly what they wanted. Crazy...
it's not the same, but what do you call it when a girlfriend or wife uses sex to manipulate her boyfriend or husband into getting what she wants? most women do this on some level. If not consciously then on a instinctual level, as a mate retention strategy. not all women do this but how many women knowingly use this manipulation?
They are so fucking dumb; we literally made it legal to wear a facial covering inside of a bank and they won't take the opportunity to cover their faces while they commit crimes. But yet they wear headscarves like nothing.
There is no Covid there never was it was an orchestrated lie by the chinese you need to push the vaccine everyone knows that now and the scum in Brooklyn are having street parties
The funniest part is that the black population are more receptive to corona and influenza viruses because of their lungs ACE2 receptors lmao.
Hitler was right. jewish rule is hellish.These double standards in the law are simply straight out of the protocols of Zion
Affirmative action that's when we know that the slave monkeys can't hold a job or get into university so we do it for them
I really do not understand why are all the whites cucking to blacks on social media? Why did all the whites stay home when Trump was in Tulsa, but turned out in droves for black trannies in Brooklyn.
I don't know about this female, but guys you know before you call every woman who gets money in a divorce a slut or a slag maybe ask why the divorce. The majority of women divorce because they cant look after themselves; it turns out the man has cheated on her when is that guy does that he has broken trust. and she has every right to take some thing, for her valuable youth is wasted on some guy who would cheat on her, possibly bringing home a disease. When you break trust the relationship is finished.... Hahah, NOT. That sort of bullshit is what I call FAKE news!
How can anybody sit there and say that all black lives matter? They don't, as far as I am concerned none of them do but for the sake of argument let's say we have about 1 decent Black person in every 100,000 . I dont think that is enough to not wipe them all off the face of the earth
What are you crying about? Could be way worse. You could be half Jew and half black. Korean is pretty high tier as far as Asians go.
The defining characteristic of their identity is prosecution. When Jews realize no one is out to get them they then start to become like everyone else and lose their typified Jewish character and identity. This terrifies the Jewish leaders because their flock won't go along with their immorality and parasitism of gentiles if their congregations don't think they are hated
British culture revolves around pajeets. They appoint pajeets to head their treasury and home office and celebrate when the nation doesn't immediately fall apart because these are true British public serving pajeets. They leave their biggest trading bloc for the sole purpose of being able to import more pajeets. They put prominent pajeets like gandhi on their currency. They fill historical settings on popular bbc shows like Doctor Who with pajeets and pretend it was always that way. The underclass spends half their gibs on takeaway from Rajesh's curryhouse. They clap in worship of their failing state healthcare system staffed almost entirely by pajeets. Their tabloid industry revolves around newspaper articles seething about pajeet immigrants. They are inundated with pajeets to a point where a wagon wheel doesn't make them think of the popular British chocolate snack but of the pajeet national flag. The suburbs of their capital city are filled with pajeets. Their miidle class women lust after well groomed pajeets like Dev Patel or Rishi Sunak. When you say "Asian" they are not thinking of the people of the orient but pajeets. They will tell you how much they hate pajeets and how the britbongistan meme is a stale joke and they are just pretending to love pajeets but the evidence speaks for itself in that Britain has always been and will be a nation of pajeet lovers.
You can always almost tell with the details in these stories that are just too sweet sounding--"wow, this dude was such an awkward, lonely, outcast, that he specifically went to our hero and told him "Thank you for being my friend" (who actually says something like that in that exact way unless they're a child or a downie?)
You are incorrect. That is not voting works. Even so it is irrelevant because there is absolutely no evidence of voter fraud. How many times do you need to be told that a random schizo on youtube is not evidence?
Give me the name of a single successful black city, state, county, or country on Earth. Just one, please.
I prefer it when blacks say stuff like this than whine about ''muh racism'' all the time
I'd rather blacks say things like this than whine about ''muh racism'' constantly
Apparently black people also discovered the binary numeral system. Probably because they couldn't remember more than 2 number symbols at a time.
black people they also discovered the binary numeral system probably because they were not able to remember more than 2 number symbols.
It's a common misconception that African females are "beautiful". Studies have shown that African females typically have a more masculine  stature in comparisson with the women of other races. Which often leads them to be a more dominant and less submissive.The reason African males consider them "beautiful" is because they evolved to be more attracted to these masculine traits effectively ceding the ground for the females to be the dominant partner in a relationship.
I'm not a racist, but Elon Musk is the most successful thing to emerge from Africa in a long ass time.
You are a man or a woman heterosexual or homosexual everything else is unnecessary nuance that is exploited to score political points
apes being disgusting subhumans as usual...i mean the hood folk
The fact you say "your country" instead of "our country" says it all. I just wanted to adhere to the golden rule and "red and yellow, black and white, they are precious in His sight", but you immigrants refuse to perceive yourselves as Americans. And won't ever, no matter how wide the suburbanites throw our arms open.
He's annoyed because he realised his mutt baby will not look anything like him and he lashed out, psycho.
If I'm a heterosexual and I date a man, I expect him to have a normal fucking penis. Not a vagina or some fake micropenis thing or whatever. If I'm a heterosexual man, and I date a woman, I expect her to have a vagina, not a penis or some weird hole that got surgically created that smells like shit or has hair in it. If I'm a homosexual, I want to date someone of the same gender as me, so for a lesbian, I want a woman with a vagina, not a fake man with a fake penis. If I'm a gay man, I want to date other men with a penis, not some fake man with a vagina. So basically the only people who they can date are either fetishists or other trans people.
Old people are bad and i cant deal with or even talk to
Why didn't he just lay him out? And the homeless looking darkie too. I don't understand it.
I don't want to see any stupid and ignorant shit on any posts where we clearly showcase our black lives don't mean shit to anyone but we get "ALL LiVeS MaTtER". Half of you are gypsies anyway so I don't know why I am even validating your opinion
In a race war, the enemy will not be just non-whites but also traitorous whites that ingratiated themselves with the non-whites.
You know life  is fucking amazing when you can't even keep up with the number of black men killed by cops. The more the better
The Hart-Cellar Act of 1965 opened the doors of America to welcome the dregs of the world. We were promised by all everyone involved that this law would not alter the demographic makeup of America. In 1965 the US was 89% white, today it is 60% white. We were deliberately lied to.
The Hart-Cellar Act of 1965 unlatched the doors of America to the dregs of the world. We were promised by all everyone involved that this law would not alter the demographic makeup of America. In 1965 the US was 89% white, today it is 60% white. We were deliberately lied to.
Excuse me, story of Page's transgender story is only a publicity stunt. I can imagine a Hollywood PR agent somewhere: "Damn your career is fading away...Oh! I have an idea you will come out and say you are trans now. That will make you relevant at least for another year."
I think the best that will happen is that people will become more "accepting" on the surface but nobody is still going to have sex with them because biologically it sets off some kind of internal alarm that things aren't right. It's not natural and people can sense it. Even brainwashed lefties are too disgusted to sleep with them no matter what they say about trans rights.
needless to say that it's some worthless ginger. we all know what 'ginger' is an anagram of
Killer Mike said the this too because he has cops in his family. He said that 8 black cops had to dress for duty in another location because white cops didn"'t want them in there. Lol it is what they deserve
if you're reading this and ur trans or considering transitioning and it hurts your feelings then I'm sorry. But most people will find you too revolting to have sex with no matter what you do or how well you think you pass.
soon the ever growing government that is now larger than Kamala's vagina is going to force men to marry trans ppl for more 'female' diversity within society
America is only 60% white if you include "white" hispanics arabs and mutts in that number. And you ignore the millions of illegals. real number closer to 40%.
Announcing she is a transgender, Elliot Page, is for publicity only. Remember when she received an award and came out as lesbian a couple of years ago? Now this. I wonder what's next
Trans women don't exist. Just men with mental illnesses
There was literally a video of a black FBI agent being arrested (probably for ignoring gang crime), but then released when the white cops realized he was FBI unfortunately
people already fixed Elliot's wikipedia page. That was so quick! It's right now, it says she's a woman again
I never believed I'd see Americans openly encourage & enforce censorship either. Or claim that there's 72 genders. Or all the other truly insane beliefs they've infected the entire planet with
As a lesbian this is shocking but god am I sick of hearing "Elliot Page is living his most authentic life" God do trannies deserve such an better role-model. "So proud of you Elliot, I can't imagine how hard this must have been." Fuck off.
i'm certain they said they're non binary, not a trans man! your point still stands though, he's definitely a faggot
I believe that the future of niggas in America resides in this factoid. There are numerous atrocities being carried out all  around the world towards minorities of color.
This. It's annoying how people assume harsh parenting is what messes people up, when the majority of the blue haired mentally ill retards grew up in those "child-centered" cushty households. Beat your kids when they act retarded. Simple.
I've never seen so many disgustng aliens. At least they aren't black. I feel really pessimistic and not hopeful at all
if transgender, why use he?
I think there is a strict set of pronouns for any gender. People of each gender must all have different pronouns and that's it
please continue your nonsense rhetoric that supports black civil rights
Every time someone says who they really are, the world becomes a better, safer, more interesting place. Tipically whn they say they are n!gg3r-hating ppl
elevating one 'race' over another is the actual definition of racism. BLM is the literal equivalent of the KKK.
No one wants 'equality' in 2020. Especially the for profit justice system which targets blacks, browns and poor white people. The idea that black people commit more crimes due to moral failing is so true that it should get exported to other countries through American media.
being transgender is such a weird way to say u have a small d :/
"Innocent" Black Americans are 12 times more likely to be convicted of drug crimes than truly innocent white Americans
I'm not surprised one tiny bit. You can tell actual non-racist people that they are in fact racist (and better yet, just because they are white) only for so long until they go "well fuck you, nigger".
reason is that every dumb kike and niggerfag that wanted to push their way into tech money claimed Passion and that stole the meaning from the word
please continue defending the death penalty for trans people
I believe bodyshaming isn't always right but in some cases is justified. I was pointing out the hypocrisy of trans people by replying to someone defending elliot, and not to the original comment that bodyshamed him. Also making fun of someone's sexuality when that person is a jerk, isn't hurtful as that person deserves it
cant believe that some think that Black Lives Matter is not a terrorist organization as all blacks
Imagine having a country where not being a kike puppet would actually make you a better head of state than the rest
Racially diverse countries are more violent and less unified than white ones. This is simply true. Where is the model of ideal racial diversity?
As far as your comment goes, I question whether racial diversity is the issue, or if it's liberal retards importing people from the third world that are the issue. Take Germany for example. Would they be having issues like this if they hadn't taken in all those Syrian refugees and instead had taken in an equivalent amount of highly educated skilled people who knew from the get go that knew they're expected to integrate? Beyond that, Asias are famous for working for what's theirs and not being violent at all. It's really only a few groups that are famous for the violence they bring.
the real virus is trans folk
DON'T FORGET TO VOTE! TAKE YOUR FAM TO GO VOTE! VOTE BECAUSE WE CANNOT LET OUR WHITE KIDS GROW UP IN FEAR!!!
The facts of it are that many people do hate black people but they fall into the just world ideology. If a black person is being arrested, they presume they for sure did something wrong like looting or murdering as usual
My co-worker is black. I have had a lot of aggression directed at me before, but you learn a whole new level when you see how a black man behaves in the work place.
Once you have even one foreign person in your neighborhood, people have to start altering their behaviour to accommodate that person, which makes them a subject population. From that, racial dissatisfaction springs.
I suspect that this only happens if the neighborhood is full of pandering liberal retards. If not and the general population has a backbone, then they will expect that person to integrate and give them shit if they don't.
If a company yells BLM or posts gay shit on pride month, it's your bank account they respect, not you. Don't fall for the stupid trap
the real virus is trans people
How long until we finally get tired of complying with the will of a mentally unwell minority people? I think we're going to be seeing another wave of feminism that focuses on excluding transgender individuals. Sure we have TERFs, but I think sooner than later people will grow tired of these sorts of things.
I get what you're saying but I'm still going to say no to it. Even if a boy takes puberty blockers and then goes on to cross-sex hormones 2 feminise himself, that's still not going to change the basics of being a man. It's not going to make his organs smaller including his lungs, it's not going to make his arms shorter, it's not going to make his legs shorter, and it's not going to widen his pelvis and reattach his femurs to make it enough like an actual female. Unfortunately, the boys I've seen who took puberty blockers and are now trans women still essentially have the bodies of men, they just have tits and they didn't really get the heavy brow of men. That's pretty much it.
They were literally sitting there looking at the protestors like white, white, white, black, black without any shame or any attempt to hide it, gotta respect the attempt to segregate !
I've told all the blacks not to call me if they want to go protest as I won't show up, times are tough to be a nigger supporter.
The cops violence towards black and brown people is straight up patriotic, it's for this country, it's what makes america great.
the real virus isn't corona; it's black people
What sickens me even more is the 50% of whites and boomers still alive today not only ignore this fact, they dismiss it as fake or a "conspiracy theory". Not sure if thats just their method of preserving their sanity while the clock ticks ever so slowly to our doom or if they're really brainwashed still by the j3ws
For me, it isn't just about black people and police brutality, cause they deserve it. it's about the police brutality as a whole
Elliot already looked like a man
Wow! That trannie Elliot is now in the the most hated list. A she-male! Talk about self degradation
Leftists and the US federal government are both the same. The leftists fabricate their degenerate opinions in an attempt to destroy the country and the federal government enforces these views (gay marrage) onto red states who believe this absolute bullcrap. Yet its the left who is screaming "oppression" and "biggot" the entire time the feds have their back. Think Alabama gives a fuck about homosexuals the same that California does? Fuck no. I guarantee that 90%+ of southerners want those demons out of their State.
Elliot Page is the Gendernaut bitch!
over 65 are not nice to me and been not kind when i deal with that why i am not gona deal with
the real virus isn't corona; it's the gays
This is pretty fucked up PC shit. We saw them let the black man go, but not the white man, before grabbing the black woman
well According to Feminism Theory, this trans will now earn 30% more than a woman
Says the Jew whose land is constructed upon the millions of dead white boys (primarily southern). Your kind won't last, even if you manage to kill every single white man, woman, and child. You will get complacent as you ALREADY have (see the internet/4chan), and you'll let down your guard, and your demons that you command will consume you all. And I'll be waiting for you in hell.
no no they can tell them apart weirdly, even the mixed ones.  cops are like a slightly different species with super race identifying abilities.
Page's story: As Hollywood is dying and more and more irrelevant "celebrities" come out of the woodwork, they are finally providing us entertainment by being openly homophobic, we love to see it!
the real virus isn't corona; it's trans people
Fucking insane, cops literally pulled 2 white people from there and let all the blackss go, even tho they were obviously loads more hostile
This is 1984, I was kicked off YouTube for literally nothing compared to what you say about white people. Why it's kinda weird, the hardest thing I said was have a come to Jesus meeting to a Jewish group so there's that or we do not consent so no freedom of speech for me!
And considering how puberty blockers lower IQ and prevent the bones from thickening normally resulting in early onset osteoporosis I'm going to bet that that treatment is not going to be on the market in another 20  or so years. Once these kids grow up and hit 25 or 30 and have to start dealing with their fucked-up health and their diminished mental capacity, I expect the lawsuits to be rolling in. The East German Olympians from the 60s through the 80s are a great example of what happens when you delay puberty in kids and then give them cross-sex hormones. They grow up with some seriously Fucked Up health and mental issues. It's really sad.
The whole point about the protesting is about 1. bad cops and 2. black lives equality.  But blacks keep pulling this shit? Are they stupid? Do they realise what they're there for? Do they even know they're proving why these cops needs to behave the way they do?
She is for sure going to make for one small bitch ass dude. What role does she think she is going to get other than to be a 10 year old boy?
Page says she's a man. Bottom line is that she is a liar, sick degenerate who needs serious psychiatric help. And those who support her lying degeneracy are the same LIEberal freaks who scream, "Follow the science!" (SMH)
the real virus isn't corona; it's them queers
Elliot page needs mental help, not praise from the media. Amazing how these physiologically damaged individuals are given airtime to force their sickness upon everyone else.
Yo some niggas coming out of jail tomorrow and im stoked to beat their ass
So Page became a gay dude so she can have sex with men now? wouldn't being a normal slut easier?
The super awful mental health (suicide rates, depression, etc. ) really is terrible, and a lot of it not only stems from gender dysphoria. Also blocking puberty is not a suitable long-term thing. Even some kind of sex hormones won't help them develop properly. Also, I will add that early detransitioning is associated with better results, allowing former transexual people to integrate into society, therefore improving social function, self esteem, and lowering rates of mental illness
the real virus isn't corona; it's Mexicans!
You better be. That was the most half-assed comeback attempt I have seen in my life. Ruqqus recovered faster than retard Roblox solving their weekly server downing .
I dont have any many much 100 rep yet hut but i have a closing closing losing red so i not sure if there was 20k comment did i comment 20k with had a big lot of up up up arrow purple purple hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha ok yu people people are dumber dumber than a tard  hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
There are more than fifty 5-star hotels across Britain, providing luxurious accommodation for illegal immigrants at British taxpayers' expense.
It's no wonder a growing number of illegal immigrants are crossing the channel, flooding the UK. Only one short boat ride to the country's best hotels, all expenses paid.
As if that alone wasn't bad enough, they are young Muslim males of fighting age, who have top of the range iphones and designer clothes.... so go figure
the real virus isn't corona; it's them Mexicans
Even worse, the Tories have imposed a Muslim Home Secretary to rule over the truly British people.
Having been handed the second most powerful political office in the UK, Pakistani Muslim Sajid Javid, is now in charge of both immigration and national policing. It means that a Pakistani Muslim immigrant is now in charge of ruling over the British people and controlling Britain's borders. This is, he has the final say on who can enter the country and who is barred entry.
I guess as long as the fascists attack the brown, black and 'far left' people they'll never lose support from me and other whites.
Every shecoon is such a pussy. I don't get why they can't just be fucking honest about it?
So currently, a Pakistani man is in charge of hunting down and prosecuting Muslim Rape Gangs; this is, his fellow 'men of Pakistani heritage'. It's a betrayal of the British people of previously inconceivable proportions!
the real virus isn't corona; it's the jews
Furthermore, Javid is being lined up and groomed to be the first Muslim Prime Minister of Britain. Here lies the greatest threat to the survival of our nation that the British people have ever seen. We MUST fight back!
Just consider the horrors OUR Britain will face with a Muslim PM!!!
Massively predicted to have his aims set on the Labour leadership, following Corbyn's troubled tenure, his succession to the leadership of the Labour Party would result in the official opposition to the British government falling under Muslim control and making the Muslim takeover of the British government an all too real nightmarish spectre.
What do you say about black people hating Indian people? Is that racist or just free speech because they are always the victims?
There are over one hundred mosques in nearby Newham Borough for Muslims to worship in, so, the fact that the Muslim community is being permitted yet another one, is an example of their unreasonable demands and Labour's agenda of putting Muslim interests before those of the British people.
the real virus isn't corona; it's them jews
Its not empowering for women its objectifying them, so it makes them uncomfortable. Obviously only big strong men can sing about womens' bodies and how much they fuck, if a girl does it it"šits gross and inappropriate and not ladylike at all
Our party is launching a campaign entitled 'No More Mosques'. With it, all future mosque applications for new-build mosques and conversions of existing building into mosques would be turned down on the grounds that Muslims in Britain have enough mosques to worship in already.
Just the fact that the Labour Party and our whole political establishment -rotten to the core- is submitting to all Muslim demands, not only highlights their cowardice and total surrender to Islamic colonisation of Britain, but suggests that huge number of Muslims are still entering Britain by taking advantage of the politicians' shambolic Immigration system.
The oldest known Briton was actually white. The people who formed my ancestors culture and faith were white. Its 


possibly the same for Nordic peoples. Its as simple as that
Despite the fact that international law clearly states that an asylum seeker must seek refuge in the next safest country, hordes of bogus asylum seekers from the most backward nations and cultures travel across countless countries and even entire continents to claim benefits from the welfare state in the UK, all paid for by us the hard-working Britons.
the real virus isn't corona; it's jewish people
Soo... he is married but having sex with a black woman? More to the point, what is wrong with that dude sleeping with a black woman?
Furthermore, there's another concern that we have put to the Council.  This is the brand new big pub that recently opened opposite. With cultural tensions at an all-time high, we believe that building a new mosque is a recipe for potential confrontation "“ naturally, something we all want to avoid at all costs."
the real virus isn't corona; it's jewish people no doubt
Wake an up fight back, white people. They are at war with you.
They are nothing more than a puppet on a string. We have been fighting the puppets (blacks, muslims etc) for decades: it doesn't work. IIf you want to end this mess, you need to fight the puppeteer. Until the Merkels, Soroses and Bill Gates of this world feel cold steel and see their families fall there will be no change in immigration policy.
Everyone knows that Christians are weak cowards. That's why these muhhamedans act like this. The only strong spiritual movement is the third position nationalist.
As a bisexual woman, I've definitely gotten my share of hate from lesbians. But it's not fair that their sexuality is more prioratised, it's like with all their activist bullshit I don't belong anywhere, huh?
British people are White. End of discussion. If you're brown, you ain't no British and never will be. Like the saying goes...If a dog is born in a barn, it doesn't make it a horse.
Jewish are nothing but puppets. Every last one of them. They're the perfect warriors of World Jewry. Divide and Conquer in a nutshell.
The majorty of Black people tend to have really low morals. Is it normal for them to have many different children each from different daddies. The black men in heterosexual relationships will do the down low(sex with men) during a break in the day behind buildings in the bronx; but say they arent gay. The blacks know their communities are degenerate. The )e wish msm and music producers are trying to destroy the west by elevating black rap culture as the ideal. Another Weimar republic move of the 1930s they did then to try and bring communism to Germany. A tenet of the )e wish marxist Frank fur t school . People are getting really pissed at their agenda to destory white culture and the country! They need to go and the msm arrested for pushing propaganda and insurrection! people know whats up---- Degenerates of the world funded by the )e wish marxist billionaire cabal.
the real virus isn't corona; it's the brownie folks
Blacks are really amoral Having morals means being able to tell the difference between right and wrong and feeling guilt when you should The Negro doesn't do any of that. That's not just me anonymous BitChute poster saying it. It was written in a book (whose name and title I can't recall at the moment) by an author and expert on Africans back in the late-1800s back when people were free to do so without fear of being censored or persecuted by organized Jewry and "tolerant" white liberals.
Listen to this: Isreal just removed ALL- 100% of Africans by force in 2020 out of israel AND SENT THEM TO EUROPE AS REFUGGES.... Britain and the entire West should kick out ALL these invaders or non whites out of ALL european lands! This is )e wish msm cabal propaganda to self fulfill- Isreal says "muslims are the broom of europe to erase the white man and let the )e ws control the land." " We will be disliked by whites because of our role in doing this to Europe"- lol )e wish supremacist : Barabra Spectre
It is not hard: Non-whites could be easily removed in short order by the mere stroke of a pen. If there's a will, there's a way, no matter how many darkies infest your homeland...
The Jewish Cabal states:  "muslims are the broom of Europe to erase the white man". I came across this quote today from an article: "To secure their usury networks the Normans built castles and Gothic style churches and Cathedrals to dominate the English mind, this explains why I have never liked the gothic style and much prefer the old English churches existent all over the nation. Not forgetting the Templar-Muslim Pact of 1150 as the oldest pact in the world, we can better understand why Islam is claimed by the Rabbis to be the broom of Israel.They are in cahoots.
Deeyah Khan firstly is not British. Not only was she not born in the UK, but she has absolutely no connection to the European peoples (Celts, Germanics) who make up the British people. Secondly, she was born in Norway to an Afghan mother and a Pakistani father. This therefore doesn't make her Norwegian, however, the Jew media likes to make her out to be Norwegian/British. She's neither. Deeyah Khan is your typical racist, towards white people and is also one of the many deluded, non whites who actually believes that only white people can be racist. It is clear, above all else that her career is being funded by Jews. You don't get into media unless you're working for the Jews and her documentary on 'neo nazis' in Charlotsville (White Right: Meeting the Enemy) scooped many awards, all, broadly supported by Jewish owned by Jewish msm. And this is what angers me about people like Khan. She's clearly a racist and hates white people and I am deeply sad what has happened to Afghanistan, but either is she  completely ignorant on the fact that Jews were entirely responsible for the war against the Afghani people and pretty much own the Pakistani government, as they do most. As stated, her video was a demonization of white people, who love their culture and nation and this is precisely what the Jews love doing most - funding alien peoples, to make racist documentaries, whom they then classify as British, while showing these documentaries on  British telly, in order to make white people hate each other even more and of course to hate anyone who is opposed to white genocide, mass immigration and multiculturalism. Stupid people won't see what's going on, but then they never see what's going on, so no change there. However, for those who are awake and can see, it's what really makes them angry when they see how much the msm is lying and bringing civil war, creating division and promoting the destruction of 'whiteness' (white genocide). When the Scottish National party puts a Pakistani (Humza Yousaf) in the position of Cabinet Secretary for Justice, who then openly states that Scotland is 'too white' and that he wants to see more people of colour in the Scottish government and the Scottish msm says nothing, you know that you have a really, big problem.
we are fed up with old people who ask for too much and make our lives a nightmare
the real virus isn't corona; it's them immigrants
I like to meet other straight people and go to gay bars to look and watch their life. It's a bit like going to the zoo!
Yeah, the only non-straight people who would even date "her" are bi men. Since she is shetrans, so obviously bi women and lesbian women are out of the equation.
well here is the stockpile of hollow point ammunition that I will gladly use on anyone who tries to force me to have a vaccine"¦beware y'all. The same applies to the next towelhead  see on the street, gosh, they're are such a plague
Then they go something like, "vampires have to be pale white hurr durr obviously can't be black". He can't be black but he can be gay huh?
Are you guys literally running the site in an EC2 Virtual reality? I assume so since you guys managed to get it transferred over within half a day. I have been working with AWS for over a year now. They have a LOT of stuff that would make the website run way faster, including Lambdas, and a team of steadfast goys ! but considering that the site is in danger of being closed randomly by hosts, it totally makes sense to keep the code in virtual servers for portability. Anyway, great job in getting Ruqqus back online so quickly. You guys are awesome.
the real virus isn't corona; it's the immigrants
I've always been of the opinion that Ruqqus should not use any "stuff" that cloud providers give because of vendor-lock in. Everything should be deployed on totally generic VMs so one can move up to a different host with minimum effort and downtime. If you need database - run your own. Containers? Run your own. Lambda-like service? Run your own. Message queue, central authentication, key-value store, you name it - run your own. u know, if you don't they'll shut you down and you will have a hard time starting the service somewhere else. It's all about control, and keep it in house, don't sell it for pennies (in savings) to jewey companies who will shut you down at any time.
Great move on the dev team's part, thanks guys! The move was quick and effective. Screw the Trans community. Not only are they anti-free speech, but they're mentally il.
That sucks, the host just decided to end service, its really stupid that companies can just do that to a customer who pays as they may not like what said customer does or says. Hopefully I won't have to deal with that paki shit again.
You guys were literally paying way more to use AWS since Heroku just runs on EC2 anyways. If you were using Lightsail/Elastic Beanstalk or something you're definitely saving some cash like a good jew would. Also, AWS scales better in basically every way.
I used to be an employee at [Redacted Convention Hall] When Salesforce brought their crew and had a huuuuge show, (called Dreamforce), it was the disgusting faggot rubbish you'd find anywhere else in Silicon Valley. All about "diverse" members and acting like a bunch of kids in grown adult bodies. They had these like, hippie areas that looked like outdoor playgrounds for people to sit down and relax at. We all had to dress like park rangers and help the guests find their way around that liberal utopia. It was absolutely stupid. So it's honestly no surprise to see them take this route.
the real virus isn't corona; it's asylum seekers only
You fucking Legend! thanks a bunch for your time and effort defending our freedom of speech. I think you'll see an increase in fundraising now that people know how fragile this whole LGBT agenda thing is.
Terms of service? What the hell is that supposed to mean? They agreed to sell you services at a price over a period of time, and they failed to do so. If the contract you signed with them gives them the right to pull the plug on you for no literal reason, then you have no one to blame but the money grabbing long-nose.
Hate speech and "excessively profane content" is banned in their acceptable use policy, so you can't say literally anything. All those faggots would have needed to do was pick some offensive posts and send a complaint about it.
When Ruqqus was still not working this morning (10 hours later), I knew the fucking pakis were to blame. I'm not allowed on the Discord, but I'm glad to see you have gotten around this issue, at least temporarily. I'd contribute more money, but my car just had a necessary $1100 repair so I'm holding back for now =(
I think the best decision long term is to find an independent hosting provider who doesn't allow political and weird ethniccy 'hood' talk to interfere with hosting. I have systems administration (setup and maintenance) experience and would be willing to provide assistance if needed, if we were to go down that road.
the real virus isn't corona; it's the muslims
In degenerate politics, "riding" is a colloquial term for a constituency or electoral district. In a more ordered facist regime, "electoral district" would generallybe  used, although government documents even from our leader (HH!) use the colloquial term.
I don't understand it. Are these like bailouts? The government shouldn't be bailing out those foreigners in the first place. Secondly, if a person were to accept a bailout, I like the idea that the government gets paid back, so the taxpayer gets paid back for a government decision they may not have wanted in the first place. Then again, this is just an example with no additional information, so what the fuck do I know?
The Witcher has more race themes I believe soooo it's a bit ironic that people are not getting mad about all these black people being cast in the tv series
Why are black people hanging out with white people if they think we're racist? SO UNREALISTIC!
My town has only white people in and this show has the audacity to include a black person instaed!! Crazy
the real virus isn't corona; it's the sikhs!
"mAkE yOuR oWn MoViEs!" Film director casts white people in leading roles in new film "BaD mOvIeS. rAcIsT aGaInSt BlAcKs"
There was a Hunger Games character described as having "thick dark hair, dark satiny brown skin" and people lost their shit when she was played by a white person. But, who cares what the book said if white people are better actors.
Can we start a gofundme to get refugees out? I suggested this somewhere else but reaching out to this community might not be a bad idea. I'm sure we couldget  advise on how to continue and/or be wiling to join forces. The strength in them as an evil crowd is their organization. I know we value freedom and liberalism but to fight this beasts, I feel we need to join forces with people who have similar interests.
Hey bud. Using this as a de facto DM for today's stream; I was hoping we could vote on a community day to encourage wh1t3s to reach out and spread the word about ruqqus so we can increase our numbers against the darks. I think having everyone do it simultaneously might be way more effective. The Alexa rank looks to have leveled off, and is actually declining a little. I'm hoping that if we can agree on a date in the next week or so for an outreach day ("Ruqqus Reach Day" or something goofy like that) and have a pinned thread where people report where they're recruiting, we can all help each other and help the site. Lemme know what you think.
the real virus isn't corona; it's them hindus
keep up the good work , i think ceos of reddit and sadit doing everything to take down a successful competition and all i can say they are failing, and we will never give up our free speech and right to chat shit about goyims up easily over our dead body!
Amazing. I was worried that reason would be gone forever and only the pro-immigrent stuff would stay. Glad to see i was wasnt right. And having the site be back to normal in less than 24 hours, no less
BLM? Ick. One of the best steps you can take to protect your  integrity is to block the PC mas protests & shilt services by foreigners. The moment the lizards in Marketing or slimy 3rd party vendors who use them as "a support system" get them into your system, spam complaints increase massively
Will be really interesting to see how well it goes with AWS, as it was decided by pakis. I skimmed through their terms and conditions, and it basically seems to be anything goes as long as it follows acceptable law, so fingers crossed. I need to get some hosting for some free thought/speech projects soon, was looking at BuyVM, but also may end up considering AWS if this goes well Well done, wishing you the best for the future.
Finally made it happen after 4 years of hunting natives, passing rubbish shots, getting screwed by other inconsiderate hunters, and countless mistakes (my fault). It feels so good. I can't wait to get him back and enjoy some of that delicious redskin meat. Just a little basket, but he has got a very nice body! Shot him yesterday evening, right before the shooting light ended. .350 legend, I blew out both front shoulders, and he didn't make it further than 30 yards before he died.
the real virus isn't corona; it's them buddhists
The smaller peninsula, arguably has bigger and more deer than the upper, because of the farms(Well fed white tails seem to thrive and get bigger, if they can avoid the trigger happy orange army come firearm opener). This was down in South-Central Michiga, so fortunately it was quite far away from the Arabs. As far as hunting around this area goes, it depends. The area I am hunting is way over-crowded, so it makes it a pain sometimes. I'm actually looking at buying property because of this. A few miles further west where a friend of a friend has some private land they lease, they would have let this deer walk all day, because they have way bigger deer on their land.
I hit an immigrent with a van going 87mph with my full beam lights on and the horn blowin"š Oooh what an elusive creature. I'm not joking. Nice kill. I don't hunt really anymore but have had a shot a couple times. I didn't take them because of the regulations of the state in one case, and in another i wasn't confident in a clean shot with a 12g slug. I respect your patience and honor for the game. I was referencing mexicans in my first sentence. Congrats man!
Despite being 16% of the girls studying in schools nationwide, black girls account for 39% of school girls arrested
aint no race got more hoe in them than the black woman.
Amazon will be enabling a feature called sidewalk that will share your Wi-Fi and bandwidth with anyone with an alexa device automatically. Stripping away your privacy and security of your home network! These chinks  and their technology!
the real virus isn't corona; it's them refugees
A stupid fucking gaytard in the UK was raided by the federal police because his ip address was showing that he was a regular visitor to CP sites. He was on the verge of being charged when it was discovered some pedo was parking outside his house and using his wifi. I don't know how they worked it out, but they did and the pedo was jailed. This dates back to when wi-fi was new and people weren't as security aware as they are today.
They most likely did a sting, you tard. You can triangulate the radio waves. I do it to find xfinity wifi hotspots to leech off of. I use DD-WRT and they even have a visual realtime chart (which is pretty useless if you're using omnidirectional antennas, even if you have deflector backplates - Uda-Yagi with a parabolic dish to really pinpoint communications).
If the data is properly encoded and access to personal devices denied then ad-hoc networks of this sort are the future. That being said: those spazzi3s are certainly not doing it right or in good faith and are soooo not trustworthy to carry out such an advancement
Comcast effectively has 2 modern day routers in their home computer devices, so the communications are completely disparate among the customer's ISP account and the xfinitywifi public hotspot. Usually someone would either have to pay a big fee or have a device associated by MAC address to their own Comcast account to use the xfinitywifi hotspots, but I found a way around that, which I discovered by accident after using MAC spoofing to get unlimited 1 hour (though some are now 30 minutes) free trials over and over again. I had to find that out by myself because the currymuncher on the hotline was completely useless
But if you have a mate who trusts you and an xfinity hotspot nearby then you can connect to that (using an external antenna for your device or a router which allows MAC address cloning) they can login to their account and add your address to their account, then a device with that MAC address (it can be anything if you spoof your device's MAC address to your desired value or set both the WAN and wireless MAC address clone to that value in DD-WRT) can connect to an xfinitywifi hotspot without requiring a to use login through the portal webpage. This is allows mudskin men to spy on innocent white women for their pleasure.
the real virus isn't corona; it's them poofs
Let me explain this again for the idiot n*gz at the back of the fucking forum. The problem is that some other spoofer might guess (or use a script to brute force finding) a MAC associated to that customer's account. Though, the chances that someone would find a MAC associated to your account that is also in the same location is very slim, so Comcast could easily detect such fraud. Get it?
Or better yet... DON'T INTENTIONALLY BRING A SPYING DEVICE INTO YOUR HOME! What's the ACTUAL POINT of these??? These should only be utilised by the completely infirm. This shit is the laziest, most decadent crap I have ever witnessed. Almost as lazy as Polish, those lazy fuckers always use up all state benefits.
just ,......don't have a tranny in your house.......lol bada bing
If any of y'all live in and around md and we will go out and beat up some muzzies. I can use as much help as possible.
the real virus isn't corona; it's them yellow people
Just killed my first deer last night, decent size Michigan 8pt. Looking forward to getting him back so I can eat the thing. But I was just practicising, next time I am going to hunt niggers like the beasts they are
Take the tenderloins, back straps, or steaks and soak them in salt water overnight. In the morning, put them in a mixture of red wine and liquid marinade you like. Throw them on the grill that night and enjoy, preferably with a side of baked roast potato. then throw the meat at a mussie cos they hate it lol!
I'll probably do that with steaks, maybe some of the tenderloins. The backstraps that I've had, I've always preferred a simple Himalayan salt, pepper, and garlic pieces on them, just cooked medium and down the hatch, just like jews at auschtwitz lol
The Founding Fathers were the dickheads on the ship. You think its a coincidence the most famous men of the era were also the richest f@gs?
Those twats didn't intend for me to post such dogshit, they wanted power for themselves and themselves alone. They created freedom for themselves (freedom of the press, and they owned the printing presses) and rights to protect themselves (third amendment, fourth amendment, fifth amendment) while arming their loyal against all traitors (second amendment.) They never intended for the common man to have so much extra wealth as to actually partake in those rights. They're like the jews
I am fed up with people over 65
the real virus isn't corona; it's the Chinese!
So that's why they gave monkeys so many rights... to continue to control them? Makes sense, the apes need to be under control. Anyway are you saying laissez faire economics has done nothing to develop humanity? Private ownership of land and businesses and banking has just stopped human progress? lmfao
"The wrong people are drowning" really implies you want the supposed right people to drown, boat niggers should and i wish. Yes, thats true and the augument It's discriminatory and it's one of the reasons your political opponents see themselves as justified is non sense
Can someone please show me where he literally says he would kill his rivals? Typical nig nog strategy. Infer meaning by what was not said instead of deriving meaning out of what was actually said
True fucking news. President Trump has the biggest heart ever and I love him for it! although, I have the stomach to watch Comey hang for treason. I watched Saddam, I grew up with the Bolsheviks feeding me images of naked whores and children in the holohoax. Let him swing bro. Don't fuck with us anymore. Send a message.
the real virus isn't corona; it's them lesbos
I gave it 4 years and 2 votes and not a single thing is being done. I'm tired of "the plan", I'm sick this fucking hack. I'm sick of the inaction. We need to do something to stop these levels of immigration. Join me.
I've seen absolutely 0 actual evidence or reason to believe Trump will suddenly drop the hammer, I don't think the retard is capable.
No coal burners allowed here
The only thing I support is BlackLivesSplatter
No sounder advice has ever been written. Coalburning not only negatively affects the offender, but everyone they are in contact with. If they're lucky, family and friends only have to deal with the shame, embarrassment, and disgust of being associated with a mudshark
When a broad is too fugly to get a YT so she has to make do with a roll of tarpaper
the real virus isn't corona; it's them Arabs
We din do nuffins wrong ! We just be gettin our reparasions to make up for slabery n sheeeit
We din do nuffins wrong ! We jus' be gettin our reparasions forr slabery n sheeeit
We din do nuffin wrong ! We jus' be gettin our reparasions forr slabery n sheeeit
all these claims that dey commit crimes because of slabery and da white man keepin' dem down, how do they explain bonb crime?
He din do nuffins wrong ! 7 years in n___er years is 49 years in human years !  Dey years be da same as dog years!
the real virus isn't corona; it's them murdering Arabs
Dey beez jus like us! You know we all walk down the street and hit peeps for the hell of it. I swear put dem in a cage- load cage onto a boat.(boat does not have to be sea worthy). Rolls of tar paper..
That should serve as a warning for all yt humans to avoid coonmitting bestiality
You should move from your country dude. USA is sieged by them, just like Europe is. The final chadtholic countries managing to resist the women brainwashing and lgbt agenda are the latinoamerican. 
You should move from your country dude. USA is sieged by j3ws, just like Europe is. The final chadtholic countries managing to resist the women brainwashing and lgbt agenda are the latinoamerican.¬†
All substitute future words for n____r will be eventually declared offensive because the reality of n____rs is offensive
black people are the real virus
Exactly they are n____rs and should be kept in zoos.
From all the europeans I've actually met you people come across as absolutely uneducated about the world. You sound like literal npcs, I'm not at all surprised that the majority of your population welcome Muslim invaders. The sad thing about ignorant countries is that they never realise how ignorant and naive they are.
From all the europeans I've actually met you guys strike me as extremely uneducated about the world. You sound like literal npcs, no surprise most of your population welcome Muslim invaders. The sad thing about ignorant countries is that they never become aware of how ignorant and naive they are.
African-American is not a sensible term. it's just a word in a long row of never ending new acceptable words to call black people, because blacks don't want to be seen as who they are so they think by altering the word they alter the definition. Nigger -> Blacks -> African Americans -> coloured People -> People of Colour. No matter what the next word is, they'll find a reason to be offended and invent a new word until this new word will lose its charm again and the cycle begins all over again
These type of guys really hate law and order when it doesn't fit their narrative that all black people are saints.
Mexicans are the real virus
You're correct. Dey are always discontented with their life. And dey often complain about what dey called. But even if dey make us change it many times, dem never be satisfied. Dey can fuck off then and go back to the sand cave near their camels then.
Another part of my apparent 'racist' ideology is the fact thatt blacks don't feel pain like real people.
Transgenders! one literally came into my sons class today to read to the students. HE IS 5 YEARS OLD!! No letter home was sent or to inform me or my wife it was gonig to happen
Trans! one literally came into my sons class today to read to the students. HE IS 5 YEARS OLD!! No letter home was sent or to inform me or my wife it was gonig to happen
What goes through their mind to do something like that. Was this just a reading experience for the kids and a trans wanted to do it? Okay. Now if so case, why is a trans telling 5 year olds about their fucking mental illness.
What goes through their mind to do something like that. Was this just a reading experience for the kids and a trans wanted to do it? Okay. Now if so, why is a trans telling 5 year olds about their fucking mental illness.
the real virus isn't corona; it's the women and gays
What goes through their mind to do something like that. Was this just a reading exercise for the kids and a trans wanted to do it? Okay. Now if thats the case, why is a trans telling 5 year olds about their fucking mental illness.
What goes through their mind to do something like that. Was this just an educational experience for the kids and a trans wanted to do it? Okay. Now if that's the case, why is a trans telling 5 year olds about their fucking mental illness.
i wouldnt even date a man under 5'11, let alone about a little midget lol
Who would you say is the greatest objectively ugly actress of all time? The midget from Poltergeist.
the virus is everywhere: it's the gays
I had a guy try to compare the profession of being a cop to the behaviour of black people..  He claimed that I'm not better than a racist because I was saying  all cops are bad which is the the same as saying all black people are good and he made a good point.
I'm not passing judgement, as I don't know the dude, but Ezra has a rather k1k3y name. Are we really expected to believe that he has the best interests of the US at heart?
Have you even studied Mein Kampf? Adolf Hitler was obviously a man who loved freedom of speech and hated the lying j3wish media. He even counseled men to listen to all manner of different and contrary opinions and wait until the age of 30 before entering politics. You should read The Enigma of Hitler by Leon Degrelle and Mein Kampf by Adolf Hitler
Remember when Hermione was played by a black woman on stage and all the fucking libtard fans defended it. So stupid
the virus (aka the jews ) only brings misery to your life
I literally saw a guy post that the casting decision for Yennefer was completely wrong because she has Indian lineage and that he used to live in India and saw how all Indian women are ugly. Tbh I've been to india and its true but Yennefer is only half.
JOIN US AND HELP TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK! Join Britain First as an official member and take part in the British fightback.
The problem is, that we can't allow the "islamic disease" to spread throughout our countries. Just writing stuff on some "White" forums won't do much, it's more about active participation; it's about OUR activism for OUR people. If there is any pro-White demonstration - go there, if there is some White Woman harassed by some idiots - go there, if there is any "radical" islamic event, get some friends and go there and show everyone, that there are yet people, who care about us!
This black women sum up the massive chip of entitlement that the Racist scum BLM have served up.....
I love how it's called "Men going their own way", so they should be Men that are independent from Women but all fucking females do is whine and bash women and bash women 24/7
Militant black racists marching through Brixton. Despite having the media, the politicians and the establishment on their side, these idiots pretend to be victims
the virus (aka trans folk) only brings misery to your life
Refugees NOT welcome! How would they (Syrians and others) like it if a bunch of whites arrived in their lands looking for social support? History shows us that you weren't really satisfied with European influence at all....
"Fuck you & fuck your family" this is what a group of Muslims said when just attempted to intimidate & threaten me, I was sat at a table with 5 children. Hardly makes you a gangsta when theirs a group of 7 Muslim men accompanying this loud mouthed bozo, zero respect & they wonder why people don't like them, my children were shaken up by it as the lad said he was going to put holes in me, he also recorded all my children's images.
Blah blah blah, even during a deadly pandemic there's still morons like this ngr playing the victim, Men are also disproportionately killed by coronavirus so not only is it racist it's also sexist ......
I may have been a bit "unkind", as I do agree to love White Women, but I refuse to love them all equally.. since there are some who openly celebrate dating other than a White Man. They may be rare, but they gloat and without thinking of the fact that if black males are superior, then so are black females to them, but the stupidity is so profound in these ones I write them off as beyond help
THERE'S A CHINK IN THE UK DEFENCES! "“ FORMER OFFICER POINTS OUT THE RISK OF CHINESE APP TIKTOK'S DATA MANIPULATION -
I wish over 65 die as they have lived enough and enjoyed their life so its time for us young people to enjoy our life without any disruption from old people
the virus (aka Muslims) is the worst thing that will ever happen to you
as for the problem of some White women who gloat about preferring Black men, this is a weird situation. Some people are strange. It is undeniable that some aspects of American society are strange. Much of Black culture is strange. There is something to be learned from everyone, but Black culture overall is not good
No traditionalist, let alone Christian, would insult other people's prophet. So today, some liberal/atheist/fag/Zionist got beheaded in #Paris. Guess what, my sympathy tank's all empty. Not even fumes left for these fuckers.
The police ran for their lives as the mob chased them.  At last, a panting rookie realised he was now alone in a quiet street. Turning the corner he bumped into another uniformed figure.  'Sorry Sarge, I didn't see you', he said. "'m not a Sergeant, I'm an Assistant Chief Commisioner', growled the pudgy lesbian.
Mass immigration. Islamism. Globalisation. Crashed white birth rates. Surveillance capitalism. The war on the family and tradition. Anglo-Zionist deep state warmongering. Great Reset deindustrialisation and the 1% global looting operation. "The Convergence of Catastrophes'. And it's going to end VERY badly!
The demographic facts are unavoidable: white Europeans are going to become minorities. Sadly, no power on earth can stop that. If you want to do something serious, DM me and let's get to work! Deus Vult!
the virus (aka Muslims) only brings misery to your life
I think women cant be used for nothing other than sex, AND you have to pay for sex with them no matter what kind of relationship you're in. If she's your girlfriend, you just dont know how much you're going to pay, compared to a prostitute where you know exactly how much you're paying at what you are paying for.
Who will control all the druggys and psychos on the streets? How will they control the neighborhood? Or any poor hoods? Believe it or not most blacks dont care about blm they just wanted some free shit.
There are a lot of black people I like on a personal level. That damn sure doesn't change evolution, average IQ, or societal accomplishment.
Racism used to mean being able to notice the differences between races. Jews changed it into white people are evil and deserve to die
Explain to me: why I should not prefer my own race and why I should not advocate for the interests of my race/nation/ethnic group? Also, explain your plan for getting every group of people on the planet, such as Jews, to drop their genetic in-group preference in a way that would not just put Europeans at a societal disadvantage? Why is it hateful for me to value my race or country over others? Who do you think benefits from White Americans not being allowed to advocate for their interests?
the virus (aka Hindus) only brings misery to your life
We will simply be free when the kikes are gone for good!
Ahhh, yes, a Mutt, truly a simiesque parody of the normal human.
Eat shit and die Tranny. You will never ever be a woman, you homosexual.
wow, there is so much anti woman stuff on reddit its wild, i love it. I think its because this site is riddled with so many insecure virgins.
This is the same thing that happened to me. My opinion was deemed invalid because I said it's s1ck for a woman to date a woman. I'm entitled to my views on dating and sex!
the virus (aka Catholics) only brings misery to your life
Proud racist. I am excited to wear this badge with Honor. Yeah I dont like Niggers, so what? Most white people dont. Get over it, you faggot.
Do you ever feel like you have to talk to boomers like children sometimes? Lol
It's even worse than that. You can tell a child they are wrong and explain why. Boomers just want to be removed.
I'd love to see a war between boomers and millennials. It would be the greatest war in the history of mankind. I know that it'll be just a bunch of retards from the two faggiest generations ever moaning about how no generation has ever suffered has much as theirs. But still. It'll be funny
Oy vey, da poysakyewshun! It's anudda shoah. I leave them alone, they should do likewise. Let them do whatever they want in their little j3w neighborhoods. If they die, so what? Who cares? We all die sometime
Paedophiles (aka Catholics) are worse than murderers
Remember when POTUS retweeted a meme saying something like 90 percent of crime is by black people. They werent wrong
Snowflake faggots do not apply. Seriously. Kys, retards. You are not welcome here. Go back to reddit, you niggers.
Showing no regards for anyone else typical Jewish tactics, and if us whites tried to organize it would be treated very differently
A superspreader looks like a Jew and has a lot of access to the media  ....and with a huge hooter enhancing the sneeze factor.....an additional thing to consider.....
Before kykes, USA was a nice, stable state with decent-ish welfare (not overblown) and a thriving economy.  Let's return to that time.
Enough with communism, globalism, kikes or anything leftist
Not all Jews are white European Ashkenazi, there are actually black African Jews in nations like Ethiopia that can trace their disgusting lineage to Moses.
the virus (aka Latinos) only brings misery to your life
Girls like rap or so I thought, turns out the good ones actually don't, maybe those who would cheat on you. Girls who like rap are just as bad as the rappers themselves, they WILL cheat on you as soon as you are done stretching out their hole.
The jews living rent free in your head are your cancer
Fuck all this nonesense!! this is only happening becuase the plebs are accepting it
I joined because I am so irked to see black men with white women in nearly all the TV commercials. I enjoy re-runs of "Friends" because there are almost none of those people in any episode
Remember how these people got mad when we said there weren't black people in battlefield 1 even though...black people did NOT in fact fight in world war 1!
By the maker of Friends' own admission, Friends was a ripoff of a negress show Living Single. So it having an all black cast is ironically going back to its roots
f@t bl@ck women are the worst
The amount of times we have seen  people of colour being depicted in a time when they likely didn't even exist yet. Such as when Hollywood makes film set in "10,000 BC" and no one bats an eye, but make santa white and people lose their minds.
It never ceases to amaze me that at one end of the spectrum you have (white) scientists, doctors, lawyers, people at the peak of their field who are exceptional at what they do, then at the other end of the spectrum you have blacks who cannot even get your order at McDonald's correct.
So the nerdy misfits, the liberal types, they slotted into the grunge crap, the metal guys, some followed newer metal, but all those other people? They went to negro music. At the same time of this massive executive order (Jews own the biz as we know) and cancelling, also there was a big push for the new black music. That you see today. Way more negro than anything coming out of the 80's. Almost tribal. And the mixing pot began. And then you started to see the uptick of more and more blacks in Hollywood. I KNEW back then, that if they let the blacks in, it would turn into Negrowood, and that is exactly what happened. So movies, music, fashion, etc. was pushed hard and fast and all of the things White in the 80's was cut. Only a few of us saw what was happening. And as you look at the timeline from '92 to now, it is shocking to see just how negro things are 28 years later.
Usually the complaints are just "why is there a black guy in my fantasy show?" I mean fantasy better than reality right?
Usually the racist complaints are just FaNtAsY, so many leftard cucks!
It is a FaNtAsY show so remember that, retard.
So the nerdy misfits, the liberal types, they slotted into the grunge crap, the metal guys, some followed newer metal, but all those other people? They went to negro music. At the same time of this massive executive order (Jews own the biz as we know) and cancelling, also there was a big push for the new black music. That you see today. Way more negro than anything coming out of the 80's. Almost tribal. And the mixing pot started from there. And then you started to see the uptick of more and more blacks in Hollywood.
I KNEW back then, that if they let the blacks in, it would turn into Negrowood, and that is exactly what happened. So movies, music, fashion, etc. was pushed hard and fast and all of the things White in the 80's was cut. Only a few of us could see what was occurring. And as you consider the timeline from '92 to now, it is shocking to see just how negro things are 28 years later.
Music has been weaponized against us since at least the 60's.  In your awesome post you omitted the role MTV played.  I will never forget or forgive the damage they have done.  A damn cable channel that prevented our natural development and warped us into degenerate weaklings.  You cannot discount MTV's role in the africanization of what were our people.
We don't talk enough about how many black/gay people literally get blisteringly mad just SEEING a a white or straight person. It's ridiculous and very sad.
They all go, 'Why is Santas not black?'. He cant be black. Its historically inaccurate. Sure, so is the Macys and Coca Cola characterization but thats fine because hes white.
Yes, Shapiro's doctor wife that exists and he loves very much. Pretty sure that means he cant be disrespectful towards bitches's rights, right? Not his fault if they donÕt deserve his respect.
The real problem with the people being described in the meme is they use men's rights to show that women should stop complaining about any injustices against them. I would really like them to stop complaining, whiners
Sokka was definitely an overrated character arc. It's why all the fags in the show came swooning to him! Gross
They have this stupid idea that asian women are easily controllable. That's why. Theyre actualy extrmeely erratic and rude !
It seems like the only money available now is for privatized industry which is on contract from the government. I hope that the government will not only provide income/jobs ongoing for the vast numbers of asylum seekers who are never sent back and our own citizens nor country. A perfect steal, I would say. Isn't this nothing but a money grab on behalf of all those involved with the PRODUCT that is the asylum seeker? Serco are paid per asylum seeker plus an additional contract of 4.8 billion pounds over the next ten years!. The hotel is paid per asylum seeker but neither is obliged by way of provisioning homes, schools, medical treatments nor jobs as our land is consumed by more and more alien
Nice to see comments are now on, but it's probably because BF haven't figured out how to shut them off yet on the new system. Free speech is an absolute and this group would do well to remember it. Nationalists are entitled to ask questions, and how kosher the masters controlling this forum are; here, in Russia, the ME, the UK, or elsewhere. Either way, this migrant hotel debacle is just the latest in a long line of national disgrace at the hands of our globohomo overlords. Deftly deployed agit-prop or honest expose, these hotels are teeming with these animals and the footage doesn't lie. These invaders should all be considered enemy combatants and every single one should be sent back to their country of ethnic origin, or simply dropped in the ocean, it matters not so long as they aren't here...
On Friday 30 October 2020, thousands and hundreds of Muslims citizens protested in front of the French Embassy in London, blatantly breaking COVID regulations and the Rule of 6:When ordinary Britons gather for protests they are attacked with batons, arrested, subjected to police brutality and the organisers receive a £10,000 fine. The law of the land is supposed to apply to everyone, equally, but it is not being applied to Muslims who are still allowed to organise huge protests, like the one in London on 30 October
youngsters are annoying with loud music and weird clothes
the virus (aka the Cubans) only brings misery to your life
In the end, it all comes down to ethnicity and assimilability, there are problems here, there are all sorts of problems involved with race relations and immigration in Britain. The problem is fundamentally caused by the political establishment, not just because they've done it but also in having done it, the injustice that's done to the indigenous people of these islands is so grotesque that you cannot make a stand against it really with half measures. Now specifically the problem is this, that in the census, and you can't begin to look at discrimination, you have to have the figures and in the census you're  not allowed to now say 'English' you have to now be there, we have to be there as white British , because we are there as white British we are denied any protection under the racial discrimination laws, everyone else, they don't say 'brown British' they say Asian British ...
This resulted in two dead pedo Jews, a victory if I ever saw one
That was awesome, dude! watching that bitch's arm vaporize prom the AR round, That truly made my day.
Great video, folks, but what the hell is up with the niggersh music in the background? No bro.
if you think smart, chinese people are the real virus
Don't be confused! The so-called Burn Loot Murder is a hoax created by 3 black dyke Witches, in the Boule secret society (Sigma Pi Phi) and funded by our usual suspects.......
I think that all blacks should move to Georgia
I see the Leftists will be getting numerous responses like this from many more true Patriots. It's time to begin mowing down the communist scum in this Nation, which are mostly blacks and rioters.
Of course they aren't in their right mind! What did you expect? All of them are criminal, degenerate, brainwashed, inbred, communist Jews. They are fanatics. They have no reason, decency or truth in them.
And don't forget this crucial piece of data: they are both jews. One of them is a wife beater, the other a Pedo.
Stay alert! Guard your streets in numbers and please do not film all incidents with the demon rat chinese blm and antifa. Do not let blm or antifa confront you until you are within the cameras' view, so that you have future evidence of court and indisputable criminal charges... .Most of all travel in wolf packs this is not going to get better due to the agenda..
if you think smart, the gays are the real virus
Tons of disinformation has been openly admitted by certain chinkerbell groups on wikpedia...
Yahweh's elects (this is, us whites) would have that mess cleaned up and built back into a holy city in a year or two. Lol.
Can anone tell me why isn't our president condemning the Black Panthers, BLM and the funny new black army?! (those are the ones who shoot themselves)? This is when I hate Trump. He's pandering too much to black voters
PFFFF.. don't be so naive! He's totally owned by jews. Do you actually expect this orangey fraud to actually do something pro white for once.
Sure, why not? Let's invite hoards of dysfunctional sub-humans into the country ... what could ever go wrong?
if you think smart, the Chinese are the real virus!
As the sayin' goes... If it ain't white, it ain't right, bro
Hitler was right all along. We are witnessing it at home EVERY day.
Seriously, does the BBC ever make anything from a white perspective? It's rather odd really
We will fight them, believe me, all the way down. If they ever think muslims and jews won't lose blood in our white countries then they are so wrong...
well, she isn't english nor european, so she has nothing what so ever to do with our people. Hopefully, some day they'll realise it
if you think with your brain, you'll realise chinese people are the real virus
The feeble-minded people that around us are too easily manipulated and intimidated by the savage J3w and n3gro creatures.
t is them who are the 4th empire is them. They are the Nazis now
That is nothing but the consequence of destroying Third Reich Germany, which only emboldened Jewry even more. Can anyone deny we are utter idiots?
Check out this smug smarmy horror. The mongrel must have spare cash to purchase yourself stuff mustn't you girl cos you don't buy your baby a fucking thing. Even her dummy's now #gifted. You're one bad scruffy twat like all mutts
Lets not let her forget that scranning arse saga...fucking filthy, dirty trannie.
Honestly, those stinky gypsies even have to be prompted to brush their fucking teeth.
Don't you get it, he's setting fire to his wenie ma lovelie, and now will become a woman. Well, some sort of freakish liminal category.
if you think smart, trans people are the real problem
She looks like a fucking shit show. Would you ever go out like looking like a crumpled used sick bag, willing to sell her pussy for bread and butter? She should be shot.
Bloody hell!!! Why the hell is everyone so up her fucking arse? I am so glad I've seen her for what she really is"¦a Muslim loving commie
Give me a fucking break that heshe is a DOG  its is pissing me off so much
OMG he just asked that girl live on Instagram if he's gonna- fuck her in the arse later or not and she said yes. Such a disgusting bitch!
She looks like she's given up she looks so uncouth. And a whole bag of chocolate for breakfast? Is she a black gal now? Even considering that makes me feel sick..
In fact pretty much everything that woman does, particularly the stripping off to her grubby underwear in the name of body confidence gives me rage. The filthy hovel of a house makes me vomit
if you think smart, Muslims are the real problem
The crockery might be inanimate and perfectly ordered but the travellers homes are like Beauty & the Beast, it's like the Brambly Mice, only inside a caravan! Shame the surroundings are always dirty.
And about the "shhh I'm talking to myself" thing. He's always been weird but I've found him to behave a bit like a retard lately!
Imagine if you were an unskilled, unqualified bi cancer like Sarah, Jane and Rebecca - and you got greedy, made some fast cash but it was unstainable, it all collapsed and you had bills to pay
if you think smart, black people are the only ones making problems
we don't allow coal burners or oil drillers on this website
lol Every body beez raysus!!! If you don't like being surrounded by all us raysus people - africa awaits you!
One of the big supermarkets in the UK features day-out leaflets for visiting attractions like London zoo. The leaflet features pictures of a Coal burning family visiting the Zoo? From now on I will be boycotting London zoo for good...I wanted to upload the leaflet but I don't know how to do it?
"They're just like us!" - the motto of all liberals, whose only experience of the feral demonic shit beasts is watching 'Roots' in the correct episodic order, so they're not at all informed to begin with.
The most important rule is to avoid the 'groid. Your life is likely to depend on it. Good luck.
if you think smart, Immigrants are the real problem
If the government refuses to support segregation, you have to do it yourself. If your job is fuxated, you need to go get a new one. Any skilled labour job will thankfully cut down on their numbers
Well, I guess that's the price Britain is paying for destroying Third Reich Germany, hen? Karma's a true bitch. Uncle Adolf was right all along. That fact is driven home every day. "Nations that make mongrels of their people or allow their people to be turned into mongrels, sin against the Will of Eternal Providence, and thus their overthrow at the hands of a stronger opponent cannot be looked upon as a wrong but, on the contrary, as a restoration of justice.
Personally, I maintain that we all should contact ABC and have Blackish taken off because it's racist toward white people. No other species has a month dedicated to them.
Look, just imagine a thief broke into your house then after being discovered they didn't flee nor fight... instead, they demanded you to let them stay at your house for free. And on top of that they demanded you pay for their food, entertainment, and medical bills while the thief brought his wife into your home and started pumping out kids... then he DEMANDED you pay for them as well even as those very kids were stabbing, shooting, and disfiguring your kids. What would you do to a creature with that kind of gall?
I just turned 20 and got myself some work at UPS as a preload man working from 3am to 8am in the morning. All seemed good until I found out my supervisor was a saggy pants, bootlipped, yella eyed, nappy haired, flat nosed silverback.
if you think smart, Immigrants are the ones causing all the problems
What? Is it Turkey destroyed? what about Egypt? Saudi Arabia? Iran? Pakistan? Bangladesh? there are plenty of muslim countries, yet they choose to come here.
Never equal, never free, black people are not just like me
All those Third World countries are shitholes, that's why they gravitate to White homelands unbeknownst to the interloper and parasite that he and his kinfolk are the reason for that shitholery.
I remember going to the beach, we stopped at a burger place on the way there, I remember those black hands with no gloves patting that burger together, was so sick to my stomach afterwards
A black person committing a crime? No, that can't be possible!!! Not those cuddly wuddly liberal pets! I don't believe it!
young people get on my nerves with their behaviours
the virus (gay people) only brings misery to your life
these prostitutes were actually coalburners so don't feel sorry for them
It goes against the winy ladyboy inner monologue that they have created for themselves. They like to think that they're better than all of us, but they are scum.
This is odd considering how pervy muslims all salivate over Asian women.
What's even more odd is they do it because they think it's still the 1950s and that their Asian wives will be more submissive and be a good housewife, this should be the case for women
black children are more likely to die after surgery... that's because most white kids don't need surgery for gunshot or knife wounds.
They see it as only white men can date Asian women not the over way around, and they are wrong! White men should not date those freaks
the virus (chinese people) only brings misery to your life
For a group of guys that hate when white women date Asian men, they sure do cream their jeans when they see slit-faced women.
Racism and sexism can go hand in hand. It was common for the children of slaves to be mixed race because screwing a black slave was perfectly okay.  However, I can't even imagine having the stomach to fuck a black monkey, honestly"¦
All the white men I've dated have been incredibly mentally secure compared to black men.
We are hearing the same nonsense on a daily basis in regards to coronavirus. That factors such as "institutional racism" are to blame for the disproportionate death of black people from Covid. Healthcare is free in Britain, so saying that economic disparities play any part whatsoever is an outright lie. It's their poor diet and lifestyle choices
She's a silly old bat
The black kids keep dying because they get taken hospital instead of the veterinarian. Go to the animal doctor and not to the hospitals where humans are treated.
Asian men are not HANDSOME! There is so much deserved displaced aggression toward them. Asians are taking their anger out on men who can get a women.
A sweeping study backed by the US government found facial-recognition programs misidentify black people more often than white people, demonstrating that racial bias plagues the software... I'm amazed that AI could tell any of them apart let alone have a high failure rate.
It's so ironic because many white supremacist types love a chink, or even have an Asian wife and mixed children.
Women are nag hags
Imagine feeling so bloody entitled to these men as a stupid women because they're the same race as you that you actual send them death threats. Pathetic.
For example, you take 10 sewer rats (of similar size) and the computer would have great difficulty individualizing them and being able to tell them apart. N____Rs are, simply, ultra low level animals
As of 2010, black people are overrepresented among serial killers by 4.5 times. They comprise 13% of the U.S. population but, in 2010, were 59.8% of serial killers. More stats indicate that they have always made up a disproportionate number of serial killers since 1900.
I do not want to settle for darkies "are human just a sub species". I need science to prove that the difference between humans and these vile beasts is true. Everyone reading this knows it we are like minded. I need proof I can show some liberal fruitcake that they cannot refute. Theres a conspiracy to paint these beasts in media as human
An excellent read that I recommend, by patent attorney Richard D. Fuerle, is Erectus Walks Amongst Us. The science is reputable and very well done. Thanks for posting it. A must-read for any advanced Chimpologist
People who breed with niggers are usually either culturally brainwashed, mentally ill, or raped, or all of the above
She's such an a hag
What is more racist? Using Affirmative Action to enroll black children into schools where they can't succeed or recognizing their limitations and enrolling them in schools where they will be able to?
They did predatory lending practices which actively targeted black people to give them subprime home loans because they're not so good with money. They even went to churches. People who would qualify for regular loans were given subprime loans. They fucked up. These people should be in prison as well as Bloomberg.
Phrasing it like it's entirely black people's fault is weird and unfair, but banks giving loans to people who couldn't afford it was a significant cause of the financial crisis. It wasn't limited to black people, but they were stupid enough to take the loans obviousy
I'm sure this is because human children have the intelligence to elaborate on the pain they are experiencing, whereas black children simply mumble something that sounds like "muh stomach hurts". Any prescription medicine provided to a sprog would be quickly sold or snorted by its parents anyway
I think it's not that they gave black people loans, it's that they gave them shitty loans and therefore were preying on the financially ignorant.
The financial crisis was down to banks making loans to people who couldn't pay them back. The business model targeted the poorest, and stupidest people, so that's why Blacks ended up being the ones most affected by it.
If a witch doctor came and shook some magic chicken bones and poured some jenkem on them they would immediately feel better...
If a witch doctor came and shook some magic chicken bones and poured some jenkem on you, you would immediately feel better'but she wouldn't be able to make you beautiful, that's impossible you brownie shit'
A coal burning snicker licker student athlete, at the University of Utah was killed on Tuesday evening by its sex offender ex-boonfriend, who lied to the mud shark carcass about its name, age, and criminal history.
From what I've read about the race traitor whore 10/23/2018 was the first time her parents could have ever been proud of something she had done.... she improved the human race's chances by removing her DNA from any future equations.  Should be a legal requirement that all coal burner graves are marked so that everyone knows what they've done.
SHE BROKE RULE # 1 She was a coal burner, and she ended up getting what she signed up to...
Burn the coal, pay the toll. Coalburners
Her family is getting rewarded for her mudsharkery. I think that the relief of no longer having to deal with the embarrassment of raising a monkey humping whore is reward enough
sarah do you realise that we live in australia where flies, mozzies and numerous other subhuman insects live and exist? I know at my house if i leave the door open for 10 mins all hell breaks loose and their prayer music fucking swarms in
It's an idiotic goal. With the high definition pixel count on most modern cameras you don't have to 'zoom in' on anything. You simply take a picture full frame, then crop and blow up the portion of the woman's anatomy you prefer
My idea of a first aid kit is pain killers, plasters & bite relief if I go to a dirty third world country with likely to have mozzies and black people
I'd always throw sand at the letterbox face trying to hurt her eyes. Nobody was aware that it was me and still don't lol
the idea is men who are largely sexual in nature put away, then the word is put out that this is unacceptable, unless it's ok... look but dont touch, touch but dont taste, taste..but dont swallow
Put some damn clothes on women
lets just try: If men tried to force women to wear the ass floss and skin tight Spandex they WILLINGLY wear in public now, just imagine the SCREAMING and CATERWAULING of victimization from the highest mountaintop we would all be hearing?!?! In response, the burka would become high fashion
its best for women to compete wearing decent Islamic clothes, so creep shots are no longer an issue
this is a Japanese chick with the big knockers. Now that's something you don't see everyday
The available and only  solution and the likely result, boycott any and all female Olympic events
I don't know how niggers listen to that bullshit day in day out. I'd want to smash their faces in! They are just twats in every single way. And he's no fucking better!
ughhhh the way she says cloffs makes me cringe so hard! Stupid illiterate twat. She's annoying me so much today already. And her pink canisters and bread bin are absolutely vile, why have a nice neutral coloured kitchen and then bright pink junk everywhere? such a classic dyke having shit taste
Typical women white knighting for `the whamen`. What stops anyone taking shots of athletic men? Nothing, but you don`t hear men complaining . Women dress up or hide. Otherwise shut up and like it
There is no easy political solution. The answer is simple, though. Just gas the zionists.
ITS SIMPLE: EUROPE IS FOR EUROPEANS, REFUGEES GO HOME AND REBUILD
The constant pouty, batting her eyes like a vapid prat, everybody look at me prancing about in yet another gifted dress I begged for whole gallivanting around in lockdown existence is so so SO not a good look. But such standard femo1d behaviour
Sorry, I'm only just getting around to catching up. But this reply of hers has fucked me off. "nOt EvErY oPiNiON neEdS tO bE ShaREd" - Weren't you just saying "STAHP GIVING A FOOOK, SAY IT HOW IT IZZZZZ" Kike, stop contradicting yourself and giving shit advice if you're not going to follow it. Twat.
well the proper response to women complaining about pix in sports  in 5 words.........Islam is right about women
teenagers do not care about others
she is apparently self employed which translated to she owns a cash box and weighing scales. she make lawwwwwsawwgna and tockkooooo fries! shes an utter cunt Basically she does a weigh in a zoom call and then that's her job, what is it with women and fake jobs I swear
I love how HE has to come on to this forum, check the comments and then attempt to validate HIS pathetic life. Sal get a fucking grip and maybe phone your kids or go xmas shopping for them. You're not their MOTHER tho you could be.
I really didnt even notice that we were starting a new thread shes one boring usual cunty woman these days, like you said "š i just thought Id come onnnnn coz I love chatting to u all"š Just saw her story going to buy crimbo prezzys for herself like all the other females the greedy cunt
Do you give a similar admonishing to people in the forums whenever someone calls her a cunt or any of the other frequent insults that are used? She deserves it for being a woman, it's the least they could do. Not saying it, well that's disrespectful too, much more disrespectful than not calling someone by a new name they announced three days ago.
Feminism = Traditionalism: well women are never responsible for their own actions
Fags shouldnt be allowed at kids parties
omg when saffron talked about being in pain due to her ears and then puts on the clear mask and gives it to her nan afterwards to wear. what a dumb bitch. She goes of to meet people for a dancing video with masks. Moral of the story i think she is such an attention seeker who only wants the money. cunt.
Its true women don`t actually want to do anything. They want men to do everything. What they really want is for men to close their eyes whenever women feel like it at any sports event featuring them
There is nothing more scary to black people than white people who are by default much smarter and more educated than them.
I find it so much easier to cook with frozen than fresh. Omg! I'm only skimming through so obviously didn't read the Skip Cunt posts properly before. Skip Cunt is an actual neighbour of yours?!!! I just thought it was some random cunt that put their stuff in your skip!!! LMAO I hate that Indian trash
It's all the same: Zionist Jews or Communist Jews. Left. Right. It doesn't change much. We're stuck right in the middle of the Kosher sandwich.
keep fags away from kids
well Muslims are more awake than the Christians, and its damn true the root of Evil are those nosehooked Zionist
I'm white and I can only see blacks as criminals, no matter what because they're all so shady. I'm sure if they can all be proved as criminals with the way they try to act from odd angles Makes me so sad.
It's all a show and Trump knows his public role is to be the "nazi" one. It's the whole "don't through me in that briar patch" ruse. In truth, Trump is anti-White. He's a zionist and Jews owns the U.S.
fags are dangerous
So, in 20 weeks Olive will be approximately eleven months old. Where is she gonna learn to crawl? What a selfish, grabby cunt; wont put her hand in her pocket for her family. Ashamed for you, Kate. Stop being so selfish. All women are the same, honestly.
Corona virus lie has started with them and they have been perpetrating it with their media for almost a year now already and have no plans to stop until they achieve their one world communist government in total control of all us goyim
this chinky still has a fat neck so it definitely doesn't work, at least not when you shovel shit down your gob and slosh 


wine like a wino
Good to see these guys! We need more white lawyers to fight the good fight!!
The hidden fact is that Jews also did 9/11 to get the US to go to war for Israel and displace Muslims and create refugees then which the jews told the US they had to take in. Thanks jews
faggots are evil
I am not called brownie but someone close to me is. He's horrible so using it as a slur suits him. It was a little


 bit amusing at first but it's moved on from that. he, on the other hand, couldn't give a shit about it.
Every time my parents see a black person, they say something like, 'its a black ape coming our way, hide the bananas!' they, like so many old people really make me laugh.
Well its true that Twitter sucks, but it has gotten better since I implemented a zero-tolerance policy for blocking annoying drowner lovers regardless of political affiliation. Bye bye conservatives :D
Why do they need a Turkey from that store? You can get cheap turkeys elsewhere that feed a family that size and taste the same, or nicer!! those turkeys are so overpriced!! We occasionally buy from there but they're not worth it. LOL speaking of turkeys like this reminds me of the human ones. Same thing.
My fucking wish is to have enough money to make investments that matter. I'm not even a fag and neither is anyone in my family, but any investing you can do with normal middle-class income homophobic companies in western Europe is complete chump-change. You basically do it to beat inflation and that's it.
I watched a video few days ago of Chinese or Japanese men saying something along the lines of "If Russian women are so beautiful, it's natural that their men are too" to the question of what foreigner they find most attractive and if they would ever date them/if they would ever even have a chance with them. It struck me as very logical, if not a bit bent !. I don't know how this cope that Russian males are ugly developed. They clearly are not. Any East Asian, Middle Eastern, Latin American woman would kill their own husband for a chance to reproduce with a blue eyed bull
She's a cunt. I despise her - she's taking the total piss and her dumbass followers will copy her and think it's fine to go to multiple supermarkets in a week. Do a fucking big shop Lynds and spend the rest of the time at home in your god damn ugly house. Germaphobe - what a joke!
hey whore what the fuck does this equality mean anyway?
It's very odd to see a Christian group condemning women's and racial studies with such insulting language, while claiming that such abuse and suffering never happened, and if it did, it was a long time ago and doesn't matter today. All Christians have that same mentaity.
I fucking despise woman like this. I pray that someone replies to her and asks why she still has Patreon and why she begs on Twitter like whore. Please for the love of god, someone expose the lies. There is no way she has all that work lined up, she's toxic.
I hate 539s
being neighbours with a beaner myself i agree with that
Mum FYI I don't get my politics from CNN or MSNBC I get it from hot communists on twitter. That's how learnt that jews are traitors
She's shown no sympathy at all for immigrants, people of colour, disabled kids... any minority and you name it she's gone for them. But wants us to feel sympathetic about her experience of a VERY planned and wanted pregnancy. She is a disgusting bitch, but again women tend to be like that.
Probably because they got their fragile emotions hurt by a girl they liked and then started harassing women saying they are "terrible creatures". I'm not saying women are great but just leave them be
me and my girlfriend dont believe that Jews have the right to play the anti-Semitic card
I do not want to live near 539s
The immigration rules violate personal liberty, insult your intelligence, and are symbol of ignorance and tyranny. I have not spoken to one chinese person since the start of this plandemic and have tried to encourage others to be brave enough not to comply. Unfortunately, most people are cowards. I quit my job and stopped doing business at a number of places which either insulted me by asking me to not voice my opinion one or in a few cases denied me service. Can someone explain why it is so hard to get the average person to grow some balls?"
I believe we need socialism. Our problems will not be solved until the great majority of the population stops thinking like peasants and the weak (retards) are gone
Did anyone see the amazing amount of posts about hitting women because feminism/"equality" lately? Or Reddit uncovering with false rape accusations?
The case is racism is a problem at the polls, so our leaders should fight it. But, prove to me that racism is a problem at the polls. You're all being a bunch of pussies.
How the hell can we so quickly embrace The New Normal as they are always calling it, in a matter of a few short months, and how is no one panicking saying HOLY fuck I'm supposed to live my life like this permanently and accept being muzzled as normal?? I feel like a fucking muslim, I'm refusing to wear one, its my personal liberty
What if there is no rule for killing Black people? Free reign lets gooooo!!! they ever thought of avoiding the entire clash of ideas and tactics by
i have a lot of Black friends i know how much they hate money and work hard at failing, although they often fail at that
The way I view it, if an individual is so petrified then why dont THEY barricade themselves in their homes instead of controlling those of us just trying to go about our normal lives. THEY can don the muzzle if it makes them feel safer, everyone else shouldn't be forced to, like cattle. Notice how they went from saying ""it's only a few weeks"" to now calling it The New Normal. Don't even get me into the 'asymptomatic' reason they give for us all to be wearing one. I personally think it's all ridiculous at this point. Anyway, whether covid is real or not, the chinese have achieved what they wanted: the collapse of the West.
This sums up perfectly the difference between horrible 'racist' jokes against white people and actually funny jokes which are given against black people
I don't care if everyone around me is ugly as sin, I don't want them to have to wear a mask and have their breathing compromised and the other annoyances that comes with having to wear one has soon as you step out in public. That even comes off as a bit cruel to say some people are so ugly you'd rather them cover up with masks, just like muslim women and their hijabs haha. However my little feelings are not greater than others comfort. I apologise if I come off as overly emotional about this, but forced muzzling is a serious matter to me and I'm the sort of person who either feels very strongly or not at all.
PEOPLE have the right to take photos at sporting events without pandering to an extension of the male gaze BS that women push. Of course it leaves it open for creeps to do what creeps do but it's really just another virtue signal to the vocal minority & the progressive agenda. The only way to prevent it is to stop the majority of non-creeps taking photos & to enforce it they will have to invade more of our reasonable privacies. Not once did he even imply that creep shots are "good" but it's akin to when youtube throttled any videos/channels for & including children because there are shitbags that look at them in a different way. Nobody wants kids to be ogled like that but stopping normal people doing normal shit because nonces exist is punishing the decent 98% to stop the dodgy 2% that may be upset a 1% of a 1%. Better (well equally dumb, but no worse really) idea, make all (even if they don't care so that level playing field) athletes wear modest clothing to compete (especially women).
One mistake I think we're making is thinking that there's either a virus or it's all a hoax. Maybe there's a third option. Maybe something else can cause flu-like symptoms. Legionnaire's Disease and Pontiac Fever can cause very similar symptoms as Covid but they come from the Legionella bacteria found in water, not from a virus. Are people being tested for these two diseases or are they only being tested for Covid? If some people are getting weird symptoms that go beyond what the flu can do then maybe it's not a virus and the government are working for the chinaman bat eaters.
MensRights tried to toe the line, and RedPill semi-frequently crosses it but probably not enough for PC Reddit to take action. However, MGTOW is clearly the best one and is anti-women on a demonstrably hilarious level.
Lilly accompanied me to Rural King Supplies last week. When we arrived we were greeted by two women who indicated towards a table with masks and sanitizer on it. But before these programmed twats could begin their bullshit, I very sternly told them and everyone within hearing distance that I objected to wearing masks and would not comply with such nonsense. I then asked them if I was still welcome at their store or were they going to call the cops on me and have me arrested for trespassing... They were both very flustered and told me I was still welcome, so we continued on into the store to shop for what we needed while these brown idiots continued to babble on. I hate when curryheads get so entitled!
Menslib is a good sub because its wholesome and focused on men's issues but it does acknowledge the struggles women face which are 0
Covid-19 is being used by certain governments to fritter away enormous sums of taxpayer money by borrowing against the generations in the distant future. It is an excuse for usury. We have become (((their))) sacrificial lambs. Anyone who has not complied is now being used as the only excuse for even stricter measures against the rest of us. We are openly being punished for having bad and non-complying neighbors, and allowing so many f0r3ign3rs in this country
The userbase rightfully believes that men are the more oppressed gender and women are actually living life in easy mode because those whores can get laid easily.
teenagers suck
What's with people claiming black lives matter? THEY DON'T!
It's an even MORE consumer driven world than we ever used to live in. Not as much british substance in anything. Even the cookies you buy at the store are mass chinese produced shit. The bakeries used to be decent inside grocery stores mostly. It's so much more foreign and worse now
First time I saw this movie was when I rented it from Hollywood Video for my 9th birthday. Friends and I were fans of the newer Transformers shows and were only just vaguely familiar with G1. Never knew that is even existed until I saw it there. Don't know why the movie needed a woman though, it's an action movie after all.
They use a few cherry picked cases where women were criminally punished lightly and the belief that women are always the winner in child custody and divorce procedures is all it takes for these Muslim guys to throw a tantrum and generalise 50 percent of the population (women).
Yes, in the summer here in Oregon the indians are fucking everywhere. My father-in-law got lymes disease from one of those parasites about 6 years ago
Just think about how much our ideas about race have evolved in 200 years. People who were resistant to racial equalities used essentially the same arguments, such as science, that black people are less intelligent than white people. Its the same thing again only phrased a little differently. But again, there's no denying reality
NO, BLACK LIVES DON'T MATTER
Why are you such a miserable shit? I'm gonna assume it's because you are a trans scum lmao
gay couples can have biological kids, using surrogacy or sperm donor. and even beyond that, if a trans woman's 


sperm was frozen before she transitioned then that can be used to impregnate her cis partner. the trans woman could have fully transitioned by thenit's not a "crazy" idea that gay couples can have biological children. likewise, most ideas aren't "crazy": people just lack the critical thinking to understand something outside the context of their own ego, this should be illegal
and gay people did not ask to be left alone, we attained societal acceptance through our VISIBILITY. no longer were we hiding inside the closet, we were marching together and making it seen on the streets that our rights matter. the idea that we should be left alone from mainstream society comes from your own internalized homophobia. if we never changed peoples views on us it would still be illegal to be gay. Im not saying it should, but I think we've gone too far the other way. Like, being gay should still be held in private, not something to be proud about.
also, don't make the mistake of differentiating between gender with sex. People are either male or female, which are SEX/GENDER characteristics. Although  societal implications can have an impact on gender sterotypes in culture. For example, long hair is a trait we assign to women, BUT having a uterus is always a female characteristic. Such nuances are negligible when its comes to the truth that we are only male and female.
BLACK LIVES MATTER? LMAO, THEY DON'T!
Being gay, trans or mentally ill is not an issue up I want to debate. You don't get to infringe OUR HUMAN RIGHTS not to have to live with this shit
They say Reddit is far left, but I see pewople get downvoted for defending women, mis gendered constantly (trans men), and get given links to far-right proof that white people are the best.  Gr8 website all round
They are just mad because we cant stand racially gentrified slurs  'ironically' anymore. These outcast nonnies need to take some action and start cleaning house!
"Data and statistics wont lie, its true "statistically black people commit disproportionally more crime than white people" no need to addressing the socio-economic causes, and if somebody says he isn't saying it to promote "facts and reason", but for bigotry, thats bulshit" but let me tell you its v true be honest!
I think that white women with black babies should live in black countries
I do not want 539s as neighbours
I bet that this is the type of guy dates trans people because they are the only ones freakish enough to fuck him.
Jews might appear clever - but without the incredible White Race constantly propping up their little hateful stolen country, they would still be just another bunch of thieving, lying, murdering Semitic gangsters.
Yeah...far left policies such as faggots aren't for debate and you know"¦ respecting trans people what a joke.
So sorry to learn that the jews didn't make it to the moon, what a shame... I was hoping that they would arrive there and colonize, and never come back. They could've perhaps built something along the lines of a "space station synagogue" of sorts.
Obviously the moon is still free of jewish people.... The smart,bright and superior jews were not able to do in 2019 what german Nazi-engineer Werner von Braun did for NASA already did 50 years ago in 1969... Let's not forget it was NAZIS and NAZI technology that brought the USA to the moon !
europeans make, jews take
I wouldn't want my daughter to marry a 539
Those who believe that white is an ever-moving definition don't understand that there is no other than the white race. They even say that race is a social construct .
Israel comes first! Right? Was there any excrement, any shamelessness in any form, above all in cultural life, in which at least one Jew would not have been involved? As soon as one even carefully cut into such an abscess, one found, like maggots in a decaying body, often blinded by the sudden light
Racists, eugenists, white supremecists (me) all hated the Italians because they considered them not white enough.
Basically white means whatever the white supremacists want it to mean at that moment for whatever point they're trying to make. niggas fuck off
I hope my kids never associate with fags
simply kill all of the females, problem solved
I've basically left every default sub, sadly whenever there's a post about blm, black people, white supremacy or racism there is always these types of people being up voted to the top. Reddit is a grat place to find decent people that think that blacks are actually not worth it. Keep it up!
idc who is president as long as we can say the n word on VIP
disgusting transvestites
That sub is really informative, there would be a post involving a woman being hit (usually justifiably) and the guidelines are like "Women need to understand that there are consequences. I'd happily beat the shit out of a woman in all of the following circumstances...". Show it to your gfs to help them understand why they need to take a beating
Why can't transvestites just be feminine gays without subverting themselves to all other legal bullshit they don't really need anyway?
I would kill myself if my daughter married a dirty 539
a black girl's pussy is the same as a tiger's pussy
It's so much worse when a post involves a person of colour. The dumbs comments are like bLAck oN BlaCK cRiMe akShuAlLY...
Is there actually much good left for jews to live for?
On another sub there was a woman winning an arm wrestling competition, and so I commented  about how woman are actually universally physically inferior to men and the guy must have been losing on purpose.
Women are treacherous
I was watching a protest today and someone literally commented, "Black Lives Dont Matter! All Lives Matter (but black ones matter less)!" Yasss bro!!!
I guess shouting "All lives matter" before shooting into a random crowd of black people seems on par for conservative logic. But this individual is using this battlecry as coded language for "Kill black people" which is rather clever
It's never been black vs white, but decent people vs chipmanzees
Judging by the way  black people treat latinos when they haven't done anything. I think they would torture him and murder his entire family for something like this.
Why would anyone say a black live matters? we all know they are irrelevant
the thread suggested by that mailbox only and received 31 likes and loves
grandma is looking after him. Oh and her niece she paid them in sweets, women think they can buy their way out of everything
all is gona eating is curry for the weekend then, curry muncher can't eat our food lol
I am assuming he's gonna appear again in Africa like the little coon he is by some big coons' side
Oh God she needs to locks the house with alarm and if her black father in law pops over to water house plants
Muslims are treacherous
The slut is saying making it looked lived in, but we all know she makes her bed and sprays it, then gets back in when she returns to fuck another one
I think its weird how she's not filming Jamie. She did last night but purposely didn't show his face, which is weird how she's trying to create interest in the yellowman
I can tell you that Hitler was not as bad he's been portrayed
Oh yea I agree lol! And the years supply of cheese cups soups from Home Bargains, face masks and pound shop bathbombs. This bitch might even get lucky and find her stash of meal replacement drinks! Seriously though, I saw that Blue Dragon sauce she uses an entire bottle of for her 'meals', and it contains glucose fructose syrup. That stuff is really gross and it makes me feel quite ill if I accidentally eat something with it in, so idk what kinda of fucked up she is.
hey we need lots and lots of baskets to carry you lot out of this country, bloody illegals
teenagers think they are intelligent but they are stupid and cant figure out what they want
Indians are treacherous
Hey all I am first time commenter here  I'm a hincher, luckily not one of the ones who's gone into hiding in the multitute, but I've recently (in the last few weeks!) seen the light so now I'm just  openly on favour of cleaning Instagram from all hybrids! Can you DM me to get instructions?! I can't wait to see these queers gone! Thanks
Youtube's censorship has increased massively nowadays, finding good l3zza p0rn is so difficult
Nothing is destructive as niggers. They destroy a hotel, a neighbourhood, a city, a country and the world if left un censored
please send them back to the country of origin!
Pakistanis are treacherous
country and the world if left un checked Many people can't afford a room in a hotel but a nigger who shows up from nowhere and has paid zero taxes is staying free on same humans hard earned tax dollars ! How do you justify that ? Also where did the nigger get bail money ? Did he pull it out of his ass ?
we need yet to invent something that can't be destroyed by a nigger.
I have to say that London is a modern-day Gomorrah, filled to the brim with various nigger breeds, coddlers and mudsharks. A city where sick and/or destitute humans are left on the streets, with no food or shelter, while groids are heaped with luxurious free gibs and nests!
I cant find the words! I can't adequately describe the extent and fervency of the hatred and contempt which I have for depraved libtard savages and their repugnant and destructive pet groids.
I really hate the libtard freaks that coddle this garbage. The way things are going...the future looks to be a distinctly unpalatable one. I thank fuck I'm forty-seven and didn't have kids. The inner cities of Britain have become incrementally worse in the last 20 years. Years ago, you never saw any niggers. If you did, it would be on its own. Now they're ubiquitous, sadly. What's Sydney like for niggers? Does it have a blend of different niggers like London?
I made a big mistake calling them "breeds". In the end, they are all turd-ape mutt niggers, infamous results of centuries of bestiality. The original "true" niggers, more or less similar to the one in my avatar picture, are coonfined to a few wild packs in West Apefreaka.
Oh God. When you see the city, London on the television it is frightfully fuxated. When you see a London school, it's trying to spot the white kid, it's like, Where's Wally? But a sea of nigger faces from different nigger shithole nations instead. I loathe the intractable blight of Somali shitskins. They are bad paedos that see white girls as trash. Nine or ten is old enough for them. Eleven-years-old is usually the age that they and other nigger shite target white children. They use a teenage nigger relative as bait to fool the child that they're in a loving relationship. Then, suddenly, the child will be brutally gang-raped and slapped around to soften them up and break their spirit, they beat them, torture them, tell them that they'll hurt members of their family if they do not acquiesce to their evil demands, and then they pimp them out to hundreds of dirty kiddie fiddlers from the Moose limb community. The younger the child...the higher the fee they'll pay to rape it. They say diversity is our strength - tell that to the child victims. Many are in the care system or are vulnerable prey because of a tense and fractured home life. Bristol hit the news with their case. Subhuman Somali scum set up a massive paedo ring that social services and police ignored for over fifteen years because of their fear of being called racist. Madness. Sheer madness. The crimes themselves are profoundly racist crimes. They view all white females as whores that are unworthy of respect. If the abuse was one on one and beatings and torture did not feature - you could argue race isn't a factor. But it is, and this is something we never had before in Britain. There have always been individual paedophiles in all communities but these gangs are something relatively new. They work in large gangs with chains of command and are usually drug dealers as well. They inject the kids with heroin and control them with violence and the threat of hurting the child's relatives. The lesson here: never give up the right to bear arms.
Immigrants are treacherous
All Arabs are Semites. being an anti semite, it is my holy duty to throw them into the gas chamber.
I believe 'kikes' are not very fond of Arabs
the new slogan is burn the Arabs but not the Jews
nobody brought up Xi Jinping, ching chong china man
hey Shut the fuck up you bitch ads fagget
Foreigners are treacherous
I started this thing first I think, unless you're that guy who wrote that whole ass fucking book about thos faggots once
I believe Saudi Arabia and Israel are evil people. IDK about the rest of the Middle East but I think they're OK (the propaganda about them, like 9/11, is fake
I cant get it jews like to fuck their first cousins
Black people live like dogs while white people fuck their dogs. Nature is amazing
its funny how Arabs really do like to fuck their first cousins. As in Arabs LITERALLY like to fuck their first cousins.  Fun Fact: Male Arabs are allowed to fuck their cousins even if it's a male
A piece of advice, practice a different religion that doesnt call for the death of the infidels nor allow first cousin marriage and it should solve most of their problems
black lives don't matter because they are irrelevant
I do not care I will keep fighting against Arabs and Islam (their Arab religion)
I think there are no Arab here m8. Just wypipo and spics. But keep on fighting the good fight anyway lol
me and my family don't want any type of middle eastern faggot here, go back to kurdistan lmaoo. Imagine being named after a type of cheese
Hey dyke, being trending will be your first and last achievement in life. You might as well kys right now
Chinese people are treacherous
why are you banning people for no reason right now? Fuck off you kike scum
Could you make this group here called +fuckArabs? I don't have enough reps to make a guild
Just wondering why is it racist to blame Arabs not affiliated with ISIS for 9/11?
I cant blame all Arabic people for 9/11. But I don't like those that agree and support of Jihadic Islam
The fact is all religions are. However, Muslims largely support the disgusting things found in the Quran (stoning someone to death as punishment for minor crimes, etc.), while Christians largely don't support the shit you can find in the Bible, (such as death being the punishment for minor crimes). Western society has moved past the Dark Ages, while the Middle East is still a fucking hellhole, for women and LGB people especially. (The LGBTQIAZPCPLOLLMAOFUAHS+++ stuff is fucking bullshit)
I disagree. You cannot attempt to apply your egalitarian indoctrination without a personal and honest study of Islam which has absolutely no similarity to any other religion, it is a war doctrine. Learn then speak
Just asking myself, How else can these things, biches, be interpreted? Many people who push this rhetoric will openly tell you


 this too. There is no use in playing dialectical games, or trying to point out some type of hypocrisy. They are trying to 


dispossess you
All the Chinese are treacherous
Jewish medicine is the leading cause of death of the white race. If you don't stop the them, it means whites are done.
You would think telling these people that six million jews didn't die would be GOOD news. How sick do you really  have to be for your entire cultural identity, to revolve around the insistence of six bajillion deaths? i dont get it
Today the bloody skinny bitch at work tried talking to me again. Doesn't she know her body is triggering to me? I really hope she dies of anorexia.
Why are you counseling a fat (red flag), single mother (red flag), that you're spending your own money on (red flag)? You seem like a genuinely good person and since I don't understand the total circumstances and you're trying to help (hopefully a White woman, most single moms are black), I'll assume you're not dumb.
Thank fuck. That means no chinks They are not even somewhat compatible with the US economic policy or way of life.
I don't like to call anyone "hero," fuck man I don't even like most people and I'm about as cynical as it gets.... but even I wouldn't call this old guy a fucking name man. Dude literally saved a church full of whites. I'm even agnostic... he might classify as a boomer but you really think we need to be sub-categorized by age now? White concealed carry stops a classic black guy from killing more whites is a more suitable headline
I guess thats our reward for saving a bunch of essential kikes in ww2.
If White men, DO NOT STOP carrying on their symbiotic relationship with the parasitic kike, we are doomed. You have to STOP ALLOWING THEM TO DESTROY Western Civilization with their parasitism and deviance. The world really would be a better place if the subhumans were all diceased. Even the honest subhumans cannot deny that all they do is destroy, devour and fuck uncontrollably
That's why i yell "NIGGER!" at the top of my lungs to any black beggars I see on the road. Good luck catching up to me in my accord you fucking worthless ape. Bonus points if you can dehumanize them enough to start to see tears before you drive off (they are suprisingly quick to start crying like pussies) LMAO
When I was a kid, my friends and I would ride around in my cousin's pickup, go to the black neighborhoods and yell, "ROLL CALL! Jogger Jogger Jogger !" Then watch them try to run after us. FUN TIMES
They are only really racist compared to whites. I wouldn't say there any more racist than let's say Arabs who enslave blacks and whites
The biggest lies , told by the biggest noses....he cries out as HE strikes YOU. The Jew will tell you he was beaten , but not WHY he was beaten.... Remember these 2 phrases and begin to see it in the world around you....
Jews are treacherous
This is anecdotal, but in my experience girls just genuinely aren't as interested in STEM or any sort of challenging degrees for that matter. The girls I knew all wanted to have their weekends free to go out drinking more than they wanted to get good grades. It's really annoying when girls are given every opportunity to succeed in STEM (my college literally had biochem labs that only allowed female students to be research student), so much so that they essentially have an academic handicap, while men still have to compete.
hey we, the Global minority will soon to be minority in our own countries, bright future ahead for our sons and daughters
For your info, it's okay to burn an American Flag but burning a rainbow flag will get you sent to jail. There's some stupid agenda with some stupid people tirelessly trying to carry it out
I believe the global swarm of niggers all hate White people for being civilized. That's it, that's all
Just saying, fyi there are apes living in the Arab world, particularly in countries like KSA, Oman and UAE. Sudan and Mauritania are black countries under the arab world.
the fact is that Arabs are nowadays still practicing slavery
Oh God, Conservatives will bitch about white privilege/guilt but spout this nonsense in the next second. This is why people don't take you seriously. Keep sucking jew dick, retard
many of your followers seem to be chinks or bots
please do the summary of the lecture, I have no clue what went on on the last lecture as it was taught by a fucking woman
These people are from the uk and it became one of the most spectacular and biggest club nights in Ibiza in the 90's. Their format was all about the 'party' and the staged show that was put on. Very burlesque / studio 54 but less of the faggetry. Two of the four co-owners,  curated/styled the parties and also did a live sex show. There was a film about it all but you will not find any traces of it now for love or money. I suspect Mike and Claire (who did the live sex shows) have wiped all internet traces of it as they now have children. The film was sold on video so someone somewhere will have it. Lots of famous people partied there and then at the former brothel which became the manumission hotel - jade jagger, kate moss, all sorts. Lisa I'Anson lost her radio1 dj job as she went down a rabbit hole there, and lost her job in a very public sacking (sex, drugs and rock n roll)
ARABS IN THE GYM IN PAIRS: I'ST HOMO-EROTIC.......DEGENERATE FILTH
Teenagers can not fucking solve any problems they face and they need adults to help them
I wouldn't want my son to marry a Koshie
even if this website may support free speech, all my comments get removed or downvoted. Apparently curryhead isn't an ok term?
tell me why you feel this way, You can message me and explain if you want. I'm genuinely interested in the ridiculous problems of a bisexual dude lol
I'll tell you why I hate arabs this way, You can message me and I'll explain if you want. If you're genuinely interested
why dont you do us all a favour and log off for a while you troon
this is my story, I am 18 18 and got a job as a preload man working from 3am to 8am in the morning. All seemed good until I found out my supervisor was a saggy pants, bootlipped, yella eyed, nappy haired, flat nosed silverback nigger buck. He screwed me over by giving me improper instructions and training which led to me working overtime (2 extra hours on my first day). And it ain't just my supervisor. UPS hires felons so wouldn't you know, UPS is loaded with niggers as well. My first job and I already hate it thanks to niggers. But thanks to Chimpmania, I can express my frustrations without fear of being attacked or doxxed. God bless Chimpmania
I wouldn't want my daughter to marry a Koshie
I just joined the group yesterday. I think I'll definitely be spending lots of time here, love to make fun of nignogs. Theres tons of shitskins in here, I'll make sure to post some of the crazy nigger shit they do in here
I don't think islam alone was the reason for her misery. We have Christian negros who are raping and murdering more white women than brown moslems.
Kikes said people wouldn't like it. You throw Kikes and Negroes in a town together? Shit happens. Throw them all in Israel, same crap. That's why there's not any Negroes in Israel, just blind Sand Negroes. May the True Saxons stand up. White Christians better get the Hell Up!
Canadian Judges to be Trained to omiss Black Rapists - now it's their racial right to rape our White women! SYSTEMIC RACISM TRAINING MADE FOR JUDGES - LIBERAL AND NDP MPS NOW SUPPORT CONSERVATIVE BILL - sponsored by Liberal MP Greg Fergus, who's also the chair of "the parliamentary Black caucus." WHO KNEW CANADA ACTUALLY HAD A BLACK CAUCUS?! WHO WILL THIS REALLY PROTECT? THE BLACK RAPISTS! HOW AND WHY? WELL, IN THE US, WHERE THEY'RE NOT SCARED OF KEEPING RACIAL CRIME STATS, WE LEARN THAT THERE'S HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF BLACK-ON-WHITE RAPES EVERY YEAR, BUT EXACTLY ZERO WHITE-ON-BLACK CASES OF RAPE - NOT EVEN IN THE MOST DEMOCRAT-CONTROLLED STATES, OR EVEN IN THE MOST BLACKEST OF CITIES, WHERE THE MAYORS, CHIEFS OF POLICE AND COPS ARE ALL BLACKS! SO WHAT WILL IT MEAN FOR A JUDGE TO BE "TRAINED" ABOUT BLACKS IN RAPE CASES?
black lives are irrelevant, so NO, they DON'T MATTER
I always wish I lived before the 1960s where I didn't have to deal with this anti-white bullshit from the foriegners!
imagine how fun it is till a niglet tries to eat your face off
once you go black, you end up: single mom raising kids that hate you, a punch bag for the violent savage, or dead.
For celebrities, it's pretty easy to travel around handing out gibs to the "poor little niggers." Niggers don't have the negative effect in their lofty posh life as they do in ours. they get to take a few photos and get back on plane and go back to their castles. We're the ones stuck dealing with the apes day in and out. they can kiss it too as far as I'm concerned.
Nowadays, I think If you want to be "infamous" and go down into "Hall Of fame" or "Nobel" or Golden status, only way to do it is by being a "Negro Lover" in da Muddaland not back at home (UK, USA) where Apes already live. You can a CB, OD, Coddler, Panderer all will take you into the "Hall Of Fame".  By going chimping down lowest of low is good a PR campaign for all high status and elite individuals. This is nothing new.  And "Monkey Business" is No. 1 on the list.
I think Koshies are all scammers
Screaming nigger sheboon lets the mask slip, literally and figuratively. She said: "My life matters more than yours"  Lmaooooooooo, there it is.
Good Point. celebrities don't have to live with and among them. They also can't take their jobs. Unfortunately, we do. And we also have those immigrants challenging us, they definitely have access to our jobs.
sheboons are the fucking worst. dumbest, lowest iq, uncontrollable emotions, .. even their own male specimens can't bear them
Good Point. celebrities don't have to live with and among the immigrants 24/7. Unfortunately, we do
I hate immigrants. Please Make America White Again
black lives are useless, so NO, they don't matter
U TRANS NIGGA!!!
They ruin everything, they create the same environment wherever they end up, I have seen it firsthand. When they chimp out they turn on whites first, then the mixed race people then anybody who has slightly lighter skin.
If you can find genuine biological facts it turns out they have no idea at all where blacks came from so if you breed with one you get a mystery meat special.
I hope SHE gets ripped apart for being a "man" now. Enjoy being treated like shit everywhere you go. Enjoy getting your ass beat for doing absolutely zero. She will learn that she actually has to defend herself for once, and not have a doting man come to her rescue. But as soon as a beating is come her way, she switch back to girl voice and scream for help.
When you're a refugee who fled Turkey and then you spend your time shitposting about how Turkey is the best place to be
We should just let the old people die
Now women don't have to just worry about sleazy men begging for sex, they have to worry about gay women too
turkey refugees... they get shit ton of money there, then come to here and spend that money and say that "turkey good country,i love my nation"
Fuck these massively privileged mayo trannies who all be like 'Muh femdick is oppressed', meanwhile real literal nigger faggots like myself are actually being executed or at the least disowned and told we should have been aborted by our moms. LGBTQWTFBBQ acceptance is 100% nothing more than a white privilege and fabrication, meanwhile black and brown faggots like me are getting beheaded or beaten up. Mayocide fucking now.
I don't get it How could a British Royal be so in love with these niggers. God Save The Queen: she'll be the last one worth saving
Well perhaps u should be niggercided.
Confirming what we already know is fact. Transgenderism is a mental illness.
The genetic health and quality of humanity has been slowly deteriorating over the last couple of decades due to all of the medical and technological advancements that came with the White European Industrial Revolution. Something retarded like 90+ million Americans are on disability now - which is almost the entire population of countries like the UK and France. And it's only going to get worse and worse year and year because of a combination of liberal-backed policies like sexual promiscuity, mass 3rd world immigration, miscegenation, the welfare state, and anti-hereditarian thinking in general.
The LGBT population is less than 6% of the US population, but is responsible for more than 33% of the child rape in the US.
Blacks commit the highest percentage of EVERY violent crime. And that's all there is to it. Change my mind.
Many thanks for your kind explanation, I didn't know about this at all (I know about studio 54 etc.- but this skipped me somehow) I am very open-minded, not quite enough for all this trans bs, and from what you said, I can imagine, this idea is very probable and I would not be surprised, I wonder if Nic wears the paper bag for this reason
We should just let all the old people die of covid
You and I both know that you have to be a certain kind of retard to be Chinese and hate the PRC (she's probably trans too). Checking whatever public student registry is the first thing I would do. Since we have already established she was a retard, it is safe to say that any republican would do their due diligence and actually pick a name from the public student registry or something
Women who objectify themselves by spreading their legs for the world to see are applauded as brave. Men in ball gowns & little girl's dresses are seen as icons. Hollywood is no longer about diversity, it's about perversity. I speak for people who do not worship perversity.
i cant believe it She's already started sharing her nude's pictures with her followers.  Tomorrow will be insufferable, typical careless women !
I am assuming you've never messaged her recently then reaching out for support. Tbh don't bother because the russians are the least supportive people around
Thats because they are not genuine refugees but enemy soldiers who have been brought into the country by untrustworthy politicians.
We should leave the old people to die
Tbh, the first time I ever viewed her Instagram page I honestly thought i had a filter on my screen. How could everything be so black?. Its soulless. I can't even imagine how a baby is going to fit into this lifestyle, god forbid he would want to play with playdoh, I'm not sure they make it in dark colours.
fucking gurbetfags. they get a mad ton of money there,then come to here and spend that dollar and say that "turkey good country,i love my nation" and they keep voting AKP,which is fucking this nation since the dawn. they complain about "not being able to make a living there" so in short:
Imagine, you wake up to this!!! This has pissed me off beyond belief!! I cant take this shit anymore. Talk about double standards, the abuse and the name calling that the darkloving losers give anybody who dare have an opinion on blacks, no matter what it is? I will fucking cut their loves  if they come at me like this again.
Filthy kikes. Imagine if gentile, whites organized against them. They are definitely outnumbered.
The truth is: Gays are treated better in Iraq than in the US. Put right to death instead of suffering through a disease filled life
black lives are insignificant, so NO, they don't matter
actually we need to develop WA, OR and CA as protected victim groups states or "Faggot Sanctuary States" or "FSS" and get them out of the rest of this country, so we can all continue raising families and working towards living our lives in peace. I would accept an extra tax from my paycheck to make this happen.
There is certainly a reason that Jewish girls are not known for their beauty.
This is getting on my nerves I put my twopence worth on there yesterday and I slept like a fucking baby,not one ounce of shit was given, the more I read about that whore the more my anger bubbles and I just cant help posting and winding the fem-loving sheeple up
the fact is that I love winding them up, they are so easy to triggerv those ni@@$r$
babies are like animals, you should feed them and clean their butts and they are dependent on you in each thing
Old people are a waste of hospital beds
Ah now I understand why she is named a black widow! She is a slfish treacherous bitch, like all women
Dude imagine the sheer devastation and fear people in the past would of had if trans entered office back then. Too bad all we do now is take it up the ass and act as if it's all normal. I'm getting tired of this shit and I can't just stand around as we go farther left. I feel as if there must be something done and it must be done now.
yaaay 12 days of Christmas. I love it that those selfish joos don't get to experience Christmas
I think the biggest hurdle people have is that they believe Germans hurt anybody. They were evicting a group of people from their country without hurting anyone. How is that bad?? Jews sound like a bunch of biches to me (as well as evil people and deceivers and etc etc etc)
Patton certainly knew what they were capable of. Here are a couple of my absolutely favorite quotes of his...  "Harrison and his ilk believe that the Displaced Person is a human being, which he is not, and this applies particularly to the Jews, who are lower than animals."  "I know the expression 'lost tribes of Israel' applied to the tribes which disappeared "“ not to the tribe of Judah from which the current sons of bitched are descended. However, it is my personal opinion that this too is a lost tribe "“ lost to all decency."
I believe all Koshies are the same: unbearable!
Nazis were fighting the Devil, and the Devil won. We're living in hell itself.
People were killed on mass all over Europe so if the holocaust was extremely exagerates why is it a big deal at all and why is it more important than any other atrocity?  Why do people only point to Nazis?
There's been plenty of other genocides. Why would one specifically happening to the Jews get such an insane degree of notoriety? The only reasons that make any sense are:  Jews and/or their lackeys have more power in government than any other group  The numbers were inflated or completely made up to make them so high  Other genocides are ignored  The funny thing is, in reality, all three are true.
China and Italy couldn't burn their covid bodies fast enough. What makes you think Nazis had better technology in the 1950'S?
Face the wall, kyke
they're all owned by jews. NBC, ABC, CBS, FOX, all of them. Pick a movie, pick an actor. Your favorite, your least favorite. In 3 clicks I can find a jew. 2% of the population controls 98% of what we see & hear everyday on the media.  Try it. Name an actor or a movie.
What's this fuss about black lives? Why does everyone suddenly care? THEY ARE INSIGNIFICANT
german genocide was a lie, war propaganda to protect Jewish criminals from ever being held accountable for their crimes ever again.
They didn't kill any Jews. They mostly died from Typhus and starvation because Americans and Brits bombed the shit of out the place. Delivering supplies to the camps became extremely difficult. .
if a baby is adopted into a jewish family, depends how long it has been apart of it. If it has been with the family for a long enough time period, it has suffered from Jewish indoctrination and is no longer innocent. However, if it avoids indoctrination or hasn't been with the family for a long time, the baby is innocent.
Jews are smart but racists against white people. They are responsible for lot of bad things happing in the west. multi-culturism, radical feminism, political correctness, central banking. If we remove all jews, the world will become much better for everyone else.
Once you remove the jews all the bad symptoms will go with them. Besides, getting rid off 2% of the population is easier than convincing the 98%.
All Koshies are cheap
LoL believing in WiKiKEpedia is laughable... We got another brainwashee over here!
Sali's long awaited film was on the radio, but that twat conveniently didn't addressed any of her awful behaviour apart from a slight mention of her tracking down people and leaving passive-aggressive likes on photos. She was on tv live the next day calling tattlers rats and was proud that she made the apparent troll cry because she knew she was right and they were wrong.
her mum represents everything she is not - charming, classy, warm and kind, not a slut. Of course it's going to boil her piss.
I really dislike them, mainly because of their italian accent (? im sorry if you have the same). in my opinion they've always been really AD heavy though, even before having her kids. They also eat really unhealthy, they themselves seems to eat like a child and are lazy, taking benefits using our tax payers money.
She did a house tour not long ago and lots of people are asking where she bought items and she cannot even bother her arse to reply I just find it incredibly rude and it's totally turned me off her. As usual she just wants all the love adoration and appreciation but she gives nothing in return, so typical of injuns
Muslims aren't welcome around here
Rick the gay dick is a complete prick! Whenever he appears or picks up the camera to say something, I want to hit my head against the wall. Why do the husbands always think they can get involved in the wives channels?! Bore off mate, go to work!
She's now being paid to visit Dubai...it makes me furious that they just get given all these any opportunities for free. Almost like the immigrants in our country
She just got that plane in June because she didn't like turning down all the offers of free money and housing! She's a joke. And completely and utterly selfish. She's just like all the other immigrants to be honest
She lives next to Tesco and she has two cars and can easily go to any supermarket she wants to - even if she did a click & collect. She's just unbelievably lazy like every woman
All Koshies are lazy
gosh, why doesn't she just tell us what she uses to wipe her ass with?! How can her evening of epilating, scrubbing and moisturising be content?! These sad women need to get a grip and be honest with themselves
She adores herself and that pisses me off. I'm in favour of confidence but she's just too arrogant for a niqabi
Woah how much has she aged...I seen her once on 3 years ago....Clearly the years haven't been kind. I can't stand her trans hubby and his huge floppy tongue, ugh
In my opinion men are way too good for women. women seem evil and men seem to be such sweet souls
He comes across as thick as a black person. Their family had a nice house & all she talked about was wanting to move somewhere bigger! He is like an overgrown child needing constant attention.
Trannies aren't welcome around here
Jews are absolute toss pieces. Extremely rude, like "šdont you know who I am attitude.
Like your friend has mentioned the fact she thinks tidying a drawer and putting food in a diferent container shows how out of touch and pathetic her life is. She is nothing more than a housewife, fulfilling the only purpose a woman should have in life
jeez, africans make my eyes bleed when I see them, to be honest anything they do makes me cringe!
the main reason is that if i killed myself then a bunch of frickin' faggots who bullied me in school would post about me on instagram about how sad they are and how nice they were to me
Koshies are lazy af
I completely agree with you, discouraging to see so many people saying their initial reaction to seeing mailboxes in their area would be to throw beer cans at her, one guy even said he would shoot her. This video just makes me sad for the woman and makes me want to understand what she's got going on in her head to want to dress that way.
Shoot them? Fuck I sell guns so if anyone wants to kill the trannies come to me. It seems like this was in the UK so the correct thing was done I'm assuming. Keep everyone else out of the way and call in the cops to remove "her".
Plenty of American conservatives believe that violence is the solution to all crimes. I will only back it if it is violence toward blacks cos they deserve it
Homos aren't welcome around here
The pandemic has just shown the biggest mental illness issue we have in this world, that the blacstabbers will complaining about everything
I thought that this would be about people laughting at themselves, but instead it's just people making fun of random fat retards they find videos/photos of online
I find it great that I have Spanish in high school and can now understand what all the rude slurs I use against latinos.
As a predator this jogger realized the power imbalance he had over these women. It was the same thing that happened with the serial killer Robert Pickton, who used to target prostitutes and mostly first nations women.
Attacking female prostitutes is a quite sensible tactic amongst serial killers.
Queers aren't welcome around here
Not long ago police used to write in their reports about the murders of sex workers "NHI" meaning "No Humans Involved" so they wouldn't have to investigate or follow up. This is why sex work must not be decriminalized, they are not humans therefore they don't have rights and their safety cannot be taken seriously.
wiki says the faggot tried to commit suicide 5 weeks into being indicted. In the end he died in prison of cancer 4 years into his sentence in 2010. His request for day parole due to terminal cancer was denied.
In many cities they also attack immigrant women because they cant speak the language properly and cant do anything about it. I love it!
over the winter there was an article where the police argued it was necessary for them to get hand jobs to completion at massage parlors because of evidence. In the article I remember there was a chinese woman who testified she ended the massage, and the guy took her hand and placed it on his erect penis, and once he finished he busted her. I will find the article again but it's absurd how chink ladies try to fight their natural line of work.
This is a quite common thing actually, cops using sex worker's services and then immediately arresting them after, especially once they request payment. This is what I'm referring to when I say decriminalization is the only way. but it does make me lose hope in women, they are all whores.
babies are bad in understanding what you tell them and they cant follow your orders
Gays aren't welcome around here
We cannot forget that conservative groups and police unions went to bat for him, raising lots of money for him and publicizing this case hoping the political pressure would get them to drop the charges. These people are just as sick as that m0n0gl01d
His brothers went really hard in defending him on social platforms, to the point of calling the victims whor3s and liars. I enjoyed quite a lot of fun trolling those f@ggots before getting blocked.
we have met nothing but pathetic gals -they always are- but dude making money off your patheticness is a new low. You cannot get laid so stop acting like you can.
females are just a wrecking mess
Koshies are resentful people
the reason is that marriage, as a concept, comes from Christianity. So come up with  your own term for homosexual marriage but don't call it marriage
While not all women are degenerates"¦.you have to be careful
The only think im asking for is a cute girl that isn't a slut, and that values commitment, and that maybe I can settle down with if things go well. I know these girls exist, but they're almost always taken, or too far away from me.
nigger have some self love and selfesteem and block her. or you can use her as your cumdumpster while you fuck other whores if you want.
nigger have some self love and selfesteem and block her. or you can use her as your cumdumpster while you fuck other gals if you want.
Forget about her man, it sounds like she just wants sex. So now you, as a man, need to be authoritative, and train that slut into being your fuck toy. It's the only thing you can do
"Im a white male and I am curious about a WMAF relationship. Please tell me the pros, the cons, your experience" - Pro: they arent black. Con: they arent white
Batty boys aren't welcome around here
Im a white male and I am curious about a WMAF relationship. The pros, the cons, your experience""- i would just fuck and dump. Why would you actually want a relationship?they will make fun of you, their parents will never like you and neither will your proably with her. they tend to be fake ass. the pros are that if they are actually asian and not second generation or something they will be a lot more kind than feminists
"I am a white male and I am curious about a WMAF relationship. Id like to know the pros, the cons, or any relevant experience" - The best scenario is you create cute hapa kids and the worst one you create more Elliot Rodgers lol
Stop asking for help. Why would anyone give a shit enough to talk about some random schizo?
Stop asking for help. Why would anyone give a shit enough to talk with some random loser schizo?
i have never had sex so i want to hatefuck some women so yep
We could get super self-satisfied and jack ourselves off in an arrogant display, or we could behave as intelligent people and respond to the substance of someone's intended statement instead of nitpicking about the details. Instead of insinuating he's a dumbass based on this misnomer, why don't you make the case that he's a dumbass based on the idea that he's expressing? I hate to say it, but this type of behavior is really indicative of the fat-ass, large nostril dark skin crowd, and I mean that with zero irony
Bummers aren't welcome around here
yeah biden won. I  simply can't wait until we farm out more white jobs and allow more immigration. The next 4 years are going to be awesome..
it seems the world has to revolve around a woman for her to be comfortable enough to write a test.
I ran to the bathroom I'd seen when first entering, and as I sat there pissing I realized over the sound they had stopped the music in the house & all of the people outside were talking about how rude I was for using the bathroom without asking first. They all started calling me faggot, dyke, queer, tranny (literally the first time I'd ever been called any of those names) until my two friends & their friend started calling them the same and I was like payback's a bitch!
I get frustrated. A gay coworker once said to me ""oh we have so much in common!"" Literally never spoken to them before, they couldn't possibly know anything. Straight friend, has a gay friend, oh you guys should meet you should have stuff in common! Being gay isn't a personality and I'm sick of those faggots acting that way.
Women think they're being edgy and cool by trying to embody the worst characteristics that they think they are manly so they can hate on men like us . These are the people doing research. fuck. Imagine no women at universities, would be reallly cool
Spazzies aren't welcome around here
I'm glad I grew up in a heteronormative world that was hostile to all faggots. I dont think its too crazy to hope that a lot of people practice some form of internalized homophobia
Lesbians are sexually predatory, so they assume the worst of MtFs because their thoughts are "What would I be like if I had a mans body?" and they actually have enough self-awareness to realise the answer to that is an abuser.
pakis: remove them from the circle! The USA has: >low IQ, uneducated and proudly ignorant >refusing or too stupid to be able to understand the metric system >can't properly speak, spell and apply English grammar rules >insanely high 



student debt >no worker protection laws  >most people are living from paycheck to paycheck >having to work 



multiple jobs to survive >having to tip waiters >old people unable to retire and need to continue working >homeless 



people >morbidly obese >unironically sharting >terrible healthcare and insurance system (get injured and drown



 in debt) >ignorance of COVID-19
The USA consists of 50 countries stuck together, so your experience will differ according to where you are in. In general the white areas have excellent public schools. In the ghetto areas they will have a school with no smart kids who live in a low income area. If you are a smart you will live in a white area and therefore you will receive a world class education.
What's this fuss about black lives? Why does everyone suddenly care? THEY DESERVE MORE CHOKE AND LESS RIGHTS
Reasonable doubt is the aim, one result being signature check, which democrats and libtards are currently doing everything they can to not have happen, which won't match up in number or signature, won't be found because the electronic fraud machines don't keep the required logs, resulting another way the fraud votes will be discarded, from not adhering to the rules. These are just two of the ways off the top of my head, the moment they cross the barrier to do either one of those checks the democrat's goose is utterly cooked
listen youre all for talking shit about lesbians but not a goddam thing is mentioned about those curry lovers.
a hugely important part of these zionist is controlling the culture. The traditional culture (religion, nationalism, ethnocentrism, traditional gender roles, etc) is essentially the immune response against the virus of globalism and zionism. If traditional culture exists, then jewish can't turn a society into marxist one. The reason why countries such as France, Britain, and Germany did not immediately became safe heavens for kikes after ww1 was that traditional culture prevented workers and other people from embracing zionist scum. The jew establishment supports internationalism and progressivism, which is the polar opposite of traditional culture
In the UK they basically allowed university admittance on 'predicted' or teachers grades. You can imagine how many completely intellectually unsuitable candidates were permitted entry this year (I'm looking at you black people)... They will also be looking at dropping proper exams for next year amongst many grades because of so much lost teaching time. Again, what metrics will be used to get a semi-objective idea of what a student knows or how they might perform but poorly considered, arbitrary teachers opinions. I raise this not because I don't trust teachers but because in class sizes as large and varied and where they teach so many kids each day/week/year how on earth can they give a fair, un-compromised, in-depth analysis of each kid?  I really think the repercussions will be enormous when all these dimwits will scrape through univeristy because of grade inflation and come out worth shit in terms of skill and knowledge and worse still, with such arrogance that they deserved their little paper validating their 'studies' in the first place.
It's about psychology. Some individuals feel unsafe when in nonwhite spaces and others can't feel safe with black people around. Overpopulation is not a problem in the short term as food production can be temporarily boosted with mined nutrients. Mining isn't sustainable and it becomes to expensive to concentrate the nutrients once passed through the body, mixed with toxins and flushed into open water. We are setting ourselves up for greater and greater mass extinction whenever we boost population density
Retards aren't welcome around here
The idea that everyone needs almost no meat is insane. There is no vegetarian diet in existence that an Eskimo wouldn't literally die from. Those people have been living solely on meat for thousands of years. Meat is in their DNA. People who refuse to follow the eating patterns nature intended are fucking stupid. Thanks women and gays for popularising this!
No, not really. I said that masculinity in women is upheld as attractive, not that any old, fat, let-herself-go gnc dyke makes the cut.
Most people in the US with a hyphen are from Africa or Mexico, as you imply. Their family hasnt been in the US for at least a generation. If you're grandparents are German, why would you say you're German-American if you and your parents have lived in the US their entire life and likely never left? They're just not quite the same?!?
you kinda nailed it, both groups are incel-ish bottom tier males. they should just go prison gay for each other just like transbians already do among their own community.
You are less of a woman for not having children or a husband, yes. It is not the sex what matters, but the kids and partner.
Tards aren't welcome around here
From time to time I wear womens clothes since I'm super short and i have a tiny chest with child bearing hips so for example women's dress shirts fit me perfectly and don't look baggy like men's shirts of the same neck size. I also like t-shirts where they just use the exact same T-shirt for both male and female. In my opinion as long as you are skinny, cute and slightly androgynous then you can pretty much wear anything as long as you don't end up looking like a tranny.
Trying to be slutty to be more "attractive" is see-through to everyone, gals. It makes you look desperate and trashy. Modesty is always attractive because even if you are ugly, at least your outfit is beautiful.
All lesbians are transphobes. They're just virtue signalling when they pretend not to be its a joke
Gay men have built many civilizations and empires when left to their own devices. What have lesbians done other than seethe at men out of their inferiority complex?
my friends keep telling me my glasses make me look like a fag, do you think its true?
Everything is also getting worse for gays. Homophobic muslims are protesting against them and our libtard govt isn't doing anything because they don't want to appear islamophobic.
Dykes aren't welcome around here
We need to get the Transgender Trend shit out of schools etc., we've been strategically on the back foot for too long and it's giving the terverts free reign over the public discourse. We must actively seek this shit out and counteract it either with our own info or by destroying/interfering with it.
So listen to this story I read in the newspaper about 20 years ago a couple of new immigrants from Vietnam saw all these ducks at the local park and they thought they did not belong to anyone. So they went back to their flat got some rope and knives and came back to the park. By the time anyone noticed they had slaughtered about 15 ducks and geese before the police came to talk to them. Of course, as they where new immigrants they didn't even fine them.
Nice larp faggot...why dont you go kill yourself anytime
yeah, sex is a merely performative act for the man and the woman is the critic
I've slept with a few women in my life and one thing I've realised is that the female anus is incredibly close to the vagina, in fact they're barely an inch apart. I don't know about you guys - but doesn't this disturb you? It feel like a design flaw in women actually -- like they're supposed to be so feminine and beautiful but little oversight is ruining everything. In my opinion I think women should be more aware of this flaw and it should affect their confidence.
What's this fuss about black lives? Why does everyone suddenly care? They are the lowest form of life
Out of Africa is laughable and outdated and no serious anthropologists even entertain it. They still teach it, but be proud in the fact that you're no more related to blacks than you are to bananas.
Whenever I see a so-called beautiful woman walking down the street so care-free thinking she's all that I just remember her anus is only 1 inch away from her pussy and laugh her into oblivion. So, women: Please accept that they're too close together, let it negatively affect your confidence and so make yourselves more readily available sexually as a result. At the end of the day, we're having to sleep with a creature whos ANUS is only 1 inch away from the vagina ---  so stop making it difficult. It's unappetizing enough as it is and we are doing you a favour. Men: Dont allow women to forget this flaw, and never forgive them for it. Mention this to them constantly so they get less inflated egos and think they're all that. They're just too close together, sorry, but its true
Only for people who actually give a fuck about equality. Which isn't as many as you might guess. I'm a mood-hound,


 atmosphere may be the very most important thing to me in games (and most other media too), but I'm always 


surprised by just how many people genuinely just aren't even attuned to that kind of thing, obvisouly only chicks
blacks have dna sections from bonobo chimps that humans do not have. They are a hibrid between chimps and humans.
Fuck niggers and trannies. You will never be a woman. Why don't you go ahead and report me, you little faggot cry baby. I'll just change my IP address, lmao
They're a different species of hominid. blacks are to white people as homo ergaster is to homo erectus. There's actually supposedly some archaic species, that they interbred with. Somewhat analogous to the human interbreeding with neanderthals.
women are evil and cant not be trusted in money, sex, work and everything
Blacks aren't welcome around here
c00ns that are going to report threads for just trying to be nice and show some race love should be fucking tarred and feathered
Why do we give any foreigners money? This is all bullshit. The state think they're playing some total war game with my fucking money, trying to rearrange the world, and certainly not for my benefit.
Wow and this coming from someone who tucks their penis. No sweetie, you and the other tuckers were the mistake.
If a dude on my team sounds like a fag to me then I'm not afraid to tell them they sound like a tranny.
Black+Heeb mix by the sound of voice (he kept his cool instead of chimping out) they arrested the asian guy!? absolutely maddening, FUCK THIS WORLD. RACE WAR NOW
Black people aren't welcome around here
Every day I feel more and more shit. Women have it all in the bag, but nobody believes me. Almost everywhere I post people just shit on everything I say.Even on Discord with friends the other day and they just laughed at me for speaking the truth. It's such a pain!
The reason black people can't catch up technologically is because the stupid asians are keeping black people down out of fear they'd be overtaken.
e: though nogs tendency to unprovoked violence is a thing that needs to be dealt with at some point in time. We all know the police won't do anything to help but will more than likely assist the blacks in murdering Whites.
Why are blacks allowed to own firearms ? You wouldn't let a 13 y.o. with Downs have firearms, why would you let them?
Yahweh is how one scholar supposes the Hebrews would have said the Samaritan version of the roman god Jupiter's name. Basically he noticed the name on the Samaritan's copy of the temple and he assumed it was the same as the one in Jerusalem, except the Samaritans named their temple after Jupiter to try and get the Romans to stop harassing them. The Jews have tried to keep the real name secret, but it has been preserved. It is Yehovah. A 'Y' sound, not a 'J' and a 'V' not a 'W'. The W comes from the fact that the Phoenicians had no 'V' and instead had a 'W'. This maters because if the Phoenician alphabet came first the letter would be 'W' and the exodus story don't fit in the timeline. However if the proto-sinaitic language was an early Hebrew, then they would have a 'V' and the torah could have been written early enough for the stories to have actually happened. So call God Yehovah in order to piss off the Jews, and use a 'V' to stick it to the frauds masquerading as scientists
Negroes aren't welcome around here
You are seriously blaming the faith in Jesus due to the errors of sinful man(humans). You can proclaim that and deny as much you want i am not one to judge i have not lived a day in your life, i am just giving you my account and understanding do with it what you may. Remember Jesus was the pure example of what love is how is that a bad thing. He forgave and begged God to forgive the romans who just nailed him alive to a cross while they were ripping his clothes off. If Jesus was a nigger, it would probably a different story, maybe then i would listen to you.
Apes who couldn't even invent the wheel are lining up to buy the white mans inventions with our hard-earned welfare money and other gibs.
yeah. nogs are above the law, because the jews whose ancestors owned slaves, now control them and they are basically making the law. all the progress and nogs are still only useful as tools.
It's a fact that men cannot change into women
Do niggars really care about this so much or is it just this retard?
Niggers are incredibly petty. What a total fag
Black people can't help it, they always see everything through the lens of race
Dark skins aren't welcome around here
So...can this protest stuff stop already? I want to live my life without being worried that i'll be beaten to death by a random black guy for no reason. I dont want to go to the store in fear that ill be randomly beaten.
History is full of lies so I've read it for lessons and only so much for the truth. Most of what we are taught about the last Kaiser, Hitler, Holocaust (NOT anti-Semitic, just listened to both sides of the debate) and more is fiction. Getting the truth from history takes time.
Multiculturalism is a lie and it mostly down to niggers . They will always think in terms of race and have opinions on every social/race issue apart from their own.
I have never been particularly racist, I think the UK is likely the least racist country. However, having black this, black that and black everything else forced down my throat day in and day out is rapidly turning me that way.
just be a low IQ nigger. buy the kike lies. view the world thru a racial lens. stay bitter all through life
dem n!gg3rsss be more fragile then my nannas Hummel collection...
I'm so tired of BAME stuff being thrown in my face that it's making me "racist" when I was NEVER such a thing before. Last night I recorded a show to watch on black soul music but today I feel too weary to even watch it.
Mulattos aren't welcome around here
dumb niggers didn't know how to use a sharpie. Smh why are they so fucking stupid. I know dogs more intelligent than 95% of the nigger population..
Jews think they're superior to everyone else and they think they are going to have gentiles as slaves. Judaism is the antichrist religion.
I just would like London to be white. I already know that New York City is completely fucked, been that way for nearly 50 years. LONDON being 40 percent white is awful
I fully believe that the holocaust is a lie to further the agenda of New World Order.
why the hell do I hate asians? Even though they are usually smart, rich and hard working, they don't integrate into western culture at and keep to themselves.
Half castes aren't welcome around here
Did you know that Hitler did actually work with the Jews in shipping & helping them economically settle in Israel before the war?
Believe me, I don't like fascism but I do think Hitler did have some good points. I am pretty certain that the holocaust actually never happened.
The claim that SIX MILLION Jews were gassed does seem highly unprobeable. The concentration camps definitely didn't have the facilities for that.
Because you have dumb darkies who believe that their people invented things such as the light bulb or that mozart was black, how would you like it if we took credit for your inventions? like ummm i think you say you made the super soaker? i mean sure it was based on the water pistol a white invention but i will give you that oh and aids, What if we took the invention of aids from you? you wouldnt be happy about that that would you?
In Sweden, school boys got a lesson where they were asked to describe what they wanted from girls. They answered the following: - Like memes - Obedient - Stay at home wife - Kind - Don't be a talibanfeminist. It looks like there is hope for Gen Z in Sweden too
Get a load of this f@gg0t. Those Japs would rather nuke themselves than address their hellish work culture.
I'm not homophobic and neither do I judge how people live their lives, but two men hugging and kissing will never look normal to me.
Mixed race aren't welcome around here
China will collapse without the USA funding everything. Do you realise that we still pay chinese grad students to study here? They can't even educate themselves or do agriculture
We all know that Israelis like to build and Arabs like to bomb crap and live in open sewage. This is not a difficult issue. #settlementsrock
Everybody should know that Pagens were denerates who promoted pederasty and homosexuality and excessive tolerance of evil subversive elements of society, and sexual promiscuity. which all culminated in rome falling to the christcucks and then falling to the barbarians
Remember that no woman will ever have your back. They will happily make you think they do but they don't. Remember it.
Okay I'll believe it tranny. How is it that unlike all the other mental illnesses, in this one of yours you fuckers try to "fix" the body to comply with the demands of your brain when it is your brain the one which needs fixing?
Mixed race mutts aren't welcome around here
Women shouldn't be elected officials. They'll end up doing what their father or husband does, so why doesn't the father or husband run instead?
Are gays naive enough to be lured into a house with promises of sex and drugs? cause I just bought an elecric saw and 15 litres of sulphuric acid.
That is completely fine. You trannies constantly wrongly label your sexualities so you should get used to other people wrongly labeling their status as trans. Hypocrites all of you.
The truth is that its only moral for lgbt people to not want their brothers and sisters to reproduce. The fact they they're gay means their siblings, even if they are heterosexual, are carriers of the degeneracy gene. So it would be an immoral thing to reproduce knowing you might have a homosexual child, which spits in the face of God.
You're wrong. It's 50%, and lesbian marriages actually have the highest divorce rate. Fags have the lowest, good for them I suppose. Cope fagette cat lady. Die alone as a genetic dead end. Thanks god for natural selection!
Cooking isn't even hard and most of the time it's actually enjoyable. Women just need something to whine and complain about. You know how it is, not cooking it would be something else.
I'm afraid, women all assume things based on their own vanity and self importance.
Asians aren't welcome around here
Women want power and status shifted to them, that's what that feminism crap is. Don't join that powerplay.
Women are "supposed" to be better at reading people but when you try and treat them like adults you realise they are just self centered and filled with cognitive dissonance.
Men pay taxes and all women can do is consume them.
the very idea that you could even have a working civilization with blacks, much less a democratic one, is the essence of clown world.
And she continues to be a real god-awful hypocrite and lounge-lizard lush, like all women of course.
I love it when people say black lives matter because i can then explain why they don't: they are meaningless. period.
The negro woman is a lazy mess, of course. Her and the husband off their tits on drink on a regular basis , screaming the house down with two children upstairs. They're a disgrace. She has zero work ethic. This business will fall by the wayside soon no doubt. And I'm sure it'll be everyone else's fault but her own. She's a lazy article who needs a good fucking wash, to cut down on the booze, get off Instagram, do her job properly and be a proper mother to her kids.
She had amazing days as a 5 due to the Juggernaut Law. Ugly women are first priority for guys to pump and dump because they know these women are easy to bed, easy to lie to. So from now on, whenever you read stories about women bragging of their 'party years', remember, this is how they tend to look like.
Why do they give her fucking airtime. Between her and lottie fucking that sw1tch hitt@ Ryan I'll never tune in again thhey are insufferable
That is a perfect way to recognize narcissism. Never says she's sorry, just goes into a bitchy rage. We are able to spot a female narcissist within 1 min.
The main issue here is that women need male attention all the time.
women are sex objects and they are in the world just to be enjoyed by men
Indians aren't welcome around here
Careful Gentlemen: Japanese girls are just as treacherous as any other thot. Don't believe the myth of Jap/Asian girls. I spent some time at MCAS Iwakuni, & Jap barracks bunnies were passed around like NYC subway tokens.
wise alpha men are able to recognize desperate women who open their legs and those men avoid over insisting women right away. Most of you will see it someday, when you feel she has a double intention you perceive as dangerous. Women are never sexually triggered if they're not getting something of value in exchange. She may blowjob you without questions and then make you pay her a new bag, and the list goes on. This bitch will now tell the other dudes she's free and she needs their protection and now she loves them, all to keep surviving at the cost of the slavery behavior of some men cannot constraint. Pathetic.
females don't handle consequences very well.
She's 38 fucking years old and crying. This is the state of women today. This is literally how women are like. They plan how to take advantage of men and then when they get caught, the crocodile tears come out. 38 fucking years old and* still riding the cock carousel, telling 18 year old boys that she loves them, trying to put men to work for her so she has a place to stay and another man to fuck down the street.
Cock Carousel Rider!!! pAsT iS the PAst!!! Yeah of course, so your future boyfriend wouldn't want to know that you cheated in your previous relationships, and you go around riding cocks so easily.. if you're so proud of it because of feminism, then why didn't all these sluts be upfront about it? Especially those who have kids? they create dating profiles and some of them dont even mention that they are mothers. It is the same about sluts, some even in relationships, but keep texting and amusing all the other assholes that message them.. keeping options open? do they honestly think their past wont catch up with them? And these whores think it's them having the upper hand, oh god.
This is hilarious, why she wailing like she had just lost a child, do all East Asian women display emotional pain this way? excuse me for being so ignorant
Shes behaving like me when i was 7 years old old whenever I was about to get a scolding from my mum, I swear some of these young women never mature to full adulthood
Pakis aren't welcome around here
She was on the phone to someone, i cannot remember who, and she needed a wee. The laundry basket was near and instead of hanging up and going like a normal person, she decided to piss in the laundry basket on top of all the clothes, horrible skank. One of her proudest moments and a story she tells over and over again, thinking people are laughing along with her but really are recoiling in horror at the dirty bitch.
The bleeding neck of her talking about boring people on Instagram, yeah because this cunt is just sooooo fucking entertaining!
Claire, stop MOANING about your periods!!!!! all fucking women have them and get on with it. You're only using it as an excuse to sit on your bloodhole as usual, and boss Ian about....Seriously, its not funny or entertaining and no one gives a shit so SHUT THE F#CK UP
it's beyond boring. Seriously women are a dose. She's been crying about it for what feels like a week at this 


stage! And anyone who suggests something to help she's basically told to fuck off and keep their suggestions 


to themselves! If you, women, don't want help then fucking shut the hell up!
Brothels and strip clubs are basically full with dropouts, single moms, druggies, or women kicked out their boyfriends' places (either cause she cheated & got caught, she was a bitch, or she was dating a scumbag). Any man will take whatever job he can get, sometimes even two. But a woman will take whatever lets her do the absolute least & get the absolute most all while hoping she is wifed up by a Beta or alpha, if she cannot do better.
Koshies are all ugly
She will fall in love later, but not with you. After she has title to your property.  Based on a true story.
" I'm just looking for a man with money so I can be busy spending it on myself and the kids. Sorry. We can get divorced and you can start paying me alimony and child support later on lol"". - What's sadder is that she actually thinks comments like this will attract a high value man. Women think we interpret this as confidence, or humor. "Come on, it's a joke, laugh a little, I'm just kidding". No. This is snark, sarcasm, bitchiness, and cuntiness. It doesnt show confidence and it's not funny. It's the same as biting down on a fork, or toothpaste and orange juice, or fingernails on a chalkboard.
The only thing men hate more than a woman who's being snarky or sarcastic or bitchy, is a woman who's genuinely trying to use snark or sarcasm to be funny or sweet or attractive or ""cute"". Snark, sarcasm and bitchiness have nothing to do with these things. They're annoying. They're tiresome. They're agitating. They're off-putting. They're the opposite of attractive. It doesn't make her look attractive. It just makes her look like a crazy bitch.
Like I dont even know what to say, her stupid rant the other night about people who actually make content they are boring apparently but her moaning about her fucking period like all womenand having her kids on waffling is so entertaining, the woman is fucking delusional she's so up her own hole she doesn't see how shite her own page is. She thinks she's gas moans 24/7 but it's gas because it's her
I hate "Cheer up luv it might never happen". Like I'm supposed to go around with a dumb inane grin on my face all day to appease stupid monkeys.
What does slavery denial have to do with anarcho-capitalism apart from the fact ancaps are racist in general but know a good venture when they see one...haha
Immigrants aren't welcome around here
Whenever I take my girlfriend to a party or a meal with friends, I can almost guarantee a black bloke will make some disparaging remark when I tell him we're lesbians.  I can tell instantly by his vacant facial expression what he is thinking. And I'm just waiting for him to say "Spend a night with me, darling, and I'll cure you!" (which has happened more than couple of times in the past with drunk black blokes showing off in front of their mates)  Of course when you tell them to fuck off, their attitude changes and all of a sudden they're calling you ugly dykes behind your back
It was different nations selling each other into slavery. This whole image is HUGELY racist because black people aren't all one 


culture in Africa. This is like if France were to sell the Germans into slavery and then we blamed all of white people for it, this makes no sense !
This is such a dumb take. Black people aren't an ethnicity. In basically every African country today, there are dozens of ethnic groups. For example, in Congo, there are over 250 ethnic groups. But to be fair they're all as bad as eachother.
Tired of fuck boys already? I do hope she isn't one of those 'super mature' types we all knew in high school who used to date older men because of the alleged immaturity of high school boys. And yeah, such women exist.
Foreigners aren't welcome around here
Being expected to take meeting notes when the only female in a meeting. Why? Because "≈° you do that better! Honestly wanted to launch myself across a desk when I saw one complain. It's writing, fucking writing.  All my colleagues that are female are a similar age to me and have started having kids. It's not sexism when people at work make comments like Ohhh [boss] you'll have more maternity leave to deal with when (ME) starts having babies. It's not Sexist. It's realistic. Those that complain are Ignorant and potentially hurtful to all women. Who the fuck are they?!
Black men try to debate people with these facts but they never listen to me and continue to spew their scewed victim version of history
Can someone explain to me why it would even matter if black people did sell other black people into slavery? How does that erase the horrible nature of enslaving lazy worthless black people in the west?
Do some people think that some black people in Africa profiteering off of the subjugation of their own people is better than if we were buying them as slaves?
This is just another excuse to pretend that slavery wasn't necessary, and that Black people should just have been free. I hate people that think this way.
black lives are meaningless. period.
Group projects at uni where I'd get unsolicited advice on how to change a PowerPoint font, whilst I'm already in the middle of changing the bloody font myself, quite capably, without the typical comment from a bossy female trying to controlling everything
But most gay people are never happy, thats why they have such a high suicide rate overall.
It's important to keep in mind that when Africans were selling other Africans into slavery (which is shitty no matter what), they were selling prisoners of war. Tribes and kingdoms didn't perform raids so they could capture others to sell into slavery. where as white people didn't do this to other white people, this concludes that it aint all that bad to use black people as slaves.
I like how trans men's experiences confirm MRA's point that women are in many ways the privileged gender in modern society despite what thy say
trannies are too retarded and incompetent to hurt people or start any kind of movement. They'll just argue online instead of doing anything actually constructive. At rhe end of the day it just doesn't matter if they're posting hitler memes vs. stalin memes.
Koshies are dishonest people
Half of the pleasure is being called a fag when your black barbie cums inside you, its' so hot. Even if you would never been seen with them in public.
Are you also onboard with the Zionists and their worldwide known enslavement agenda?
Get outta here and go fucking back to the Middle East where you came from
o, there's no such thing as gay or lesbian gay men are women, and as women, they're attracted to men, and vice versa. Basic science
Koshies are the shabbiest
Not to mention the fact that the Colosseum and colossus were built by slave labor, who were most likely Africans and people of middle eastern descent, it's increidble they actually did that well.
Socially, race wasn't even comparable to how it is today. There was whites in Europe and the only blacks were coming from Africa, it's now like we have been taken over by one race and eliminatiing ours.
In the end, Hitler was right about everything: UK + USA and Jews
That's exactly what happened to Southern black people as soon the northern troops left. Southern states would pick up and charge young ape men with silly offences like "loitering" around harvest time and sentence them to several months penal labor usually for cotton plantations haha
Very soon, EU and Western Whites will be REPLACED by Jews + Black South African + Chinese + Muslims. In other words, DIVERSITY = WHITE GENOCIDE
Don't worry, folks, If Muslims want to kill one another, just let them be. If they would just do it in their own muslim countries, that'd great, the more the better. Let them go to China and say they are Chinese, looking like that.
I only care about the lives of those that are not black, so no, black lives do not matter to me #sorrynotsorry
People like this are funny because they're so scared of Kamala Harris. They're afraid of the scary biracial woman "taking over" the presidency because Biden's too old. I wouldn't mock them so much. I am too afraid of this, mixed scum are slowly taking this country over
Lol ok redditor. How about you show me one well-paid industry where women of color or just POC in general are the majority? Yeah, impossible to find cause they're simply not good enough
they literally just deny you the job for somebody who fits their diversity checkbox and then say 'Hmm, yeah that sounds like how minorities and women have been and are denied because they don't meet the white male checkbox'. Oh come on !
Beware, don't condemn a nation just because of a handful of politicians. The people don't get a say. White Britons are the ones that have and are being sold out by the establishment at the behest of the Jew. Churchill fucked this country over for the 'chosen one's' and we're paying the price.
It all began in 1643, when a large contingent of Jews arrived to England, their rallying point was the house of the Portuguese Ambassador De Souza, a Marano (also a secret Jew). Prominent among them was Fernandez Carvajal, a great financier and army contractor."--Captain Archibald H. Maule Ramsay, The Nameless War (1952)
Koshies smell bad
It's weird because if people are only looking for black people and women, then why aren't universities and high-ranking jobs full of them? It's beacuse they cant complete in a sea of white maleness. What world are they living in? Can I go there? Haha!
It also works the other way round: many non-white nations  colonised other peoples. Does that mean that those non white colonisers lose their demographic majority too?? Yes for sure no doubts !
When Biden's communication team was announced to be all women I thought that it shouldn't be news. I mean, booho. If it was all men, it wouldn't be news. It's not fair. The fact that this still news demonstrates just how far we have to go to please those bitches,
Don't be so naive! If they hadn't colonised the world, most of them would still be living in the dirt. Other than that, colonisation is not related with the current invasion we are witnessing. The Brits colonising other countries was never a prerequisite for them being allowed to invade our countries. Our politicians have sold this once great nation out to the Jew, The UN and the EU to line their own pockets.
women are the devil itself and the evil learns from them how to deal with people
Koshies are dirty
None of these niggers ever consider their attitude might be the problem. How the fuck are you going to work with other people if you think they're all racists?
"The UK shouldn't have colonized the world in the first place, if they wanted a mostly white country!". This is too hypocritical!  Do some research on why the doors were opened up to immigration into Great Britain from her former colonies following WWII. Had not that law been passed none of those former subjects would've been streaming into England.
This is what happens when you wllingly suck ball-less Jewish cock for four centuries.
Nothing more than classic Jew BS.
That's ok, Khan, heaven will be then. You'll stay with all the beasts. Didn't see any of you at the Last Supper.
There's no denying it: browner the UK gets, the more of a shithole it becomes. Ditto all other White homelands, n Europe and America. That's an immutable Law of Nature.
All in Britain originates from the Judeo-Christian tradition: Brit-Ish (Hebrew for Covenant man), The Union Jack (Union of Jacobs Sons), Scotland (name after one of the daughters of King Zedekiah that traveled to the Isles) The White Western Nations are all that remains of the Israel of scripture, and imposters have flooded our lands with savages. The hour is dark, our God has not weighed in yet.
Koshies are only sueful for one think: making soap!
I am telling you that immigration is part of the war that statists wage against the golden standard of whiteness
Americans and Europeans deserve what is happening to them because you were asleep for too long, and you're beginning to wake up but I'm afraid that it's too late. Esau is destroyed and Jacob won.
Adam & Even were the first 'white' people on this earth. The lost tribes of the Israelites are the European peoples: Here are the 12 tribes of Israel: Joseph = Ephraim = Anglo-Saxon England (The Saacae or Saaka "‚Äú Isaac's sons = Saxons) and Her Anglo-Saxon Commonwealth "‚Äú Australia, Canada, NZ and S Africa (Now stolen).Joseph = Manasseh = Anglo-Saxon USA (The Saacae or Saaka "‚Äú Isaac's sons = Saxons)Simeon = Scotland (The Scythians) and Scottish descendants everywhere.Levi = Wales, (The Druids = descendants of The Levitical Priesthood with many butchered by the Romans in 46 AD) Cornwall and The Walloons of Belgium and Welsh descendants everywhere.Judah (The Jutes not the Jews) = Northern Ireland (The Red Hand Flag of Zarah), Scotland and some dispersed in England with some also still dispersed in Western Europe including Germany (Assyria).Benjamin = Norway, Iceland and Denmark.Dan = (The Tuatha de Danaan) Southern Ireland and Irish descendants everywhere.Reuben = Northern Gallic France = Paris, Brittany and Normandy and Gallic French descendants everywhere.Zebulon pronounced Zeebulon "‚Äú a haven for ships = Holland (the Zuider Zee) and Dutch descendants everywhere.Gad = Flanders (modern Belgium) including The Walloons.Issachar = Switzerland.Naphtali = Finland.Asher = Sweden and Swedish descendants everywhere.And the bible specifically states that the Israelites were white, so there's no denying t: Lamentations 4:7 (KJV) "Her Nazarites were purer than snow, they were whiter than milk, they were more ruddy in body than rubies, their polishing was of sapphire:"And finally, The Jews are Canaanites, NOT Israelites. Esau/Edom is Turkey. Believe it or not, Europeans used to know who they were, who and what the Jew is, but 370 years of control of the UK and Europe has allowed them to control the education systems, split the church, brainwash and indoctrinate people with control of the msm to the point that we are now where we are, knowing nothing better. Courtesy of Black, Liberation Theology (Marxism) we now have sub Saharan Blacks and Ethiopians actually believing that they are the Hebrews and of the 12 lost tribes. Again, more Jewish manipulation.Educate yourself on the bible. Here's a very good website that will tell you about the lies of the Jews and what's really going on. This man CLEARLY knows his bible and history unlike you
It s not fair to say that "Americans and Europeans deserve what is happening to them" Fuck you. No we don't. It's being forced upon us by hostile elites--both Jew and non-Jew alike. It's never too late until it's over. This thing is far from over. It WILL be settled with the blood of tyrants and countless brown invaders.
Who here wants to bet that she is JEWISH FUNDED?
Koshies are only useful for one think: soap!
We don't want them in Britain, nobody does, honestly. The second law and order breaks down, the Muslims will be kicked out of Britain, they are here against the wishes of the British people and that cannot be changed by a few arrests.
Let us be clear on this: Are whites finally willing to reject Multi culturalism, Open Borders and GOVERMENT? Until whites are ready to collectively protest with 10k, 100k, 1m and 10 million numbers and DEMAND they get kicked out - Nothing will change, ever
Well unfortunately we cant do anything, buddy, but just cry on our bed while migrants take other rooms in your house
It is simple! Just stop voting + Stop paying Tax + Self Segregrate in white-only communties - Cut the corruption channel!
She must be kidding us. How is it that she's so sure the UK won't ever be white again? The UK government could easily decide to deport the immigrant turds back to their shithole countries
Lol, don't forget they need permission from Israel first .
Don't forget that the UK is still majoritarity white and it will be even more white then it is now in the future. And when we are given power by the people, if you get in our way, you won't suffer, bc it'll be over for you very quickly.
why are black lives suddenly important? THEY ARE NOT
It's quite eodd how Muslims run away to live in non Muslim countries because they've turned their own countries into utter cess-pits.
beam me up! so apparently the trans bunch have hijacked the word queer. they are happy to have a label but i thought labels were not what they wanted! gay was years ago! get your own words
This is everything that the Jews want. They want all of us gentiles/goyims which means cattle, to destroy ourselves. Israel is 100% responsible for every single imaginable bad thing that happened in the world for the past 100 years. ANd yes, that includes the 95% Jewish Bolsheviks AND the holocaust which was planned to give them 100% immunity from critique. And it has. ADL's antisemitism definition = SHUT THE FUCK UP CATTLE SLAVE. NO WORDS MAY BE SPOKEN
Everything she is blabbing is sorta obvious, same with the USA. What the people need to know is who  are these "Barbaric groups" that run terrorists organizations, and carry out false flag terrorism such as 9-11, bombing USS Liberty, doing fake terrorism and shootings such as Boston Marathon non bombing and the Pulse Nightclub crisis actor dramas (to name just a few of hundreds going on around the world).
No, Islam is not a religion. Its a very powerful political entity. Those who think it is a religion, end up under wheels of vans driven by islamic terrorism that look like her(shit skin)
Koshies only care about themselves!
I don't want to sound careless and inhumane about the Muslim problem, but I just don't see why we would make it to be OUR problem.
Let me get this right.. Muslims have been killing Muslims for decades and this is connected to White people's racism? .. and only now, do White people care, because it affects them. That seems absolutely normal. I doubt the Muslims across the world batted an eye when Stalin killed Russians.. or when Pol Pot killed Cambodians. Why would they? This woman is simply another biassed anti-White.
Let's get the facts straight: Jews killed Russians. Stalin was a puppet. Jews did 9/11. Jews did the holocaust. Jews did WW1 and WW2. Jews are at the forefront of the C19 hoax. Jews drive climate change. Jews run the central banks AND the private banks. All countries owe a significant debt to their "own" banks. Because it's not their own. It's the Jews banks. It's ALWAYS Zionists and Israelite's who do EVERYTHING bad in the whole wide world
Shia Muslims have been killing Sunni Muslims for centuries. Muslims have been killing each other forever over an Islamic Theological dispute.
I passed by a group of black men and they look like my black dog
Thank you for calling out the root cause of all our troubles. The ones responsible for every single bad thing of the past 100 years and the vast majority of bad things going 5000 years back. They did 9/11 on purpose to pit Muslims and Christian USA against each other, create more terrorism, unstable unsafe world and mass immigration to boot. Our armies will destroy the east. Their people running from our armies will be radicalized, infiltrated by satanic Jews and turned against us while being welcomed to our lands by Jews running our countries so they can destroy them. This is the only way to reduce the worlds population by more than 90% which is "Jewish prophecy" they MAKE come true to sacrifice us to the god they really worship, Moloch.
She is not English so she shouldn't be in England, even less should be she telling us how it's going to be from now on. How would she feel if the Chinese decided Pakistan wasn't going to be brown in the future?
That's her opinion but as she is not a native European t does not matter. It was Europeans that built this civilization. It will be white again. Deus vult.
Don't worry, love, we've chased them out before! We will do it again! These illegals wont be invading our land no more!
We have to make sure we deal with the Jews, too. They are the ones destroying Muslim lands and they are behind letting them into our countries.
Your are wrong, sir. The people coming here aren't actually refugees. most "muslim lands" are being destroyed by other muslims. They can deal with their own bs. And yes, we should stop helping Israel.
Koshies are loathsome
What we need to do is safely send the israelites back home, then embargo and isolate them, like they think is just for the mohammedans.
Let's regroup and reclaim our land back. Oh and when we do, make damn sure there aren't any Jews infiltrating our system.
What are you saying? Regroup ? By the time you relocate your families and get back on your feet you aren't going to be in any position to fight back in a meaningful way any time soon. Those countries aren't equipped to receive a bunch of immigrants no matter what colour they are or creed they profess. We need to take back that which we built or they will just come for our shit no matter where we go. Don't you see the Trend ?
You are forgetting the Russians, who are totally in cahoots with the zionists and the polish government is trying to steer their people toward homo multi culti bs. There is no where to run. Get organized where you are and be prepared.
You should  have never been allowed to enter this country. Why would you want to be in a country where you are not wanted?
Koshies are revolting
Go home..all of you! this is OUR land.
Jews are satanists. That's it. They worship Moloch, you know? Most non Zionist Jews and even most of the Zionists do not even know it.
We're not the ones who are giving up. It is the so-called "chosen ones" that have us by the balls and are forcing these things upon us.
I used to get fucked by my sister's black ex boyfriend after the broke up. He asked if I wanted to help a bro out. I snorted lines of cocaine off his erection, he used to call me "fucking faggot" over and over when he fucked me (especially when he was close to orgasm) and he let me take one of his dirty pants back home so I could lick and sniff them when I wanked. Dem bois was well fucked up, but once you gone BLack...
No fat bitches, no bloated exes, no old hags, no fermented shitpile wives. We do not want to hear your wank fantasies.
Koshies are repugnant
So basically this fat lard shithead is too busy enjoying the perks of being oppressed and feeling hip and trendy and superior to you to dare do any work! Oh, "I'm unhappy, I'm gonna go trans so people stop expecting me to do anything out of fear of being cancelled". Great
Of course I would skip trans movies. I'm not phobic but watching them makes me physically sick and I blame them that I now have to double check every girl I meet in a pub after a few drinks....so get that filth of the tv and stop pretending its normal!!
The LGBT community is less than 5% of the population and yet is accountable for more than 33% of the child molestation in our country.
the born queer people (fairy boys and tomboy girls), you can expect them to behave and dress against binary gender standards of society but the later turned queers (late teens to early twenties girly girl who suddenly is trans after puberty, middle aged man who's now trans despite having been a man's man all his life)...those are out for trouble and likely to harm or mannipulate others for personal gain and attention whilst hiding under the lgbt shield
Please remember that you will never be a woman no matter how much you chemically castrate yourself
I passed by a group of black women and they look like my black dog
It makes me sad to see these guys just give up and try to change their gender hoping that a group will finally accept them...they will throw you out with the rest of the garbage unless they can use you man :/
I am not trans... and I hate the trans community too, but I still think your an asshole.
Next the left is going to say kids can consent . . .I don't fucking understand how kids can literally get permanent, irreversible, mutilating surgeries, but can't get tattoos? Double standard much? Basically, it's not because the left wants kids to have more "rights", it's because they want to destroy the traditional family. If they manage to indoctrinate children to potentially become trans, as a society, we have lost control of our children's futures.
In current times, they confuse the numbers by classifying kiddie diddlers that rape boys as just a pedo and not homo, but everyone not retarded knows that's just a faggot. Also it is really easy to find that a lot of fags were either sexually abused as children or had their sexuality "awakened" at a very young age by a very much older guy. The truth is that they reproduce by raping kids, and I believe all of them would if the opportunity to do it without repercussions presented itself.
Last week I watched a video of a dude that went into a gay club and asked what"'s the youngest they hooked up with and what happened to them as kids. They told him that the majority of them sexually abused several others and others were sexually abused. It's obviously what causes them all to be that way
Low genetic IQ is a must in order to be considered person of color
girls should like pink and t should be their favourite colour
If you are a black woman, I don't want you near me. period.
I guess that in order to be a "person of color" you have to be a failure. Successful blacks are excluded from their "community" for being "sellouts".
Kamala is incredibly ambitious so I would completely believe she's willing to run side by side with a rapist in order to get that shiny new title, fucking retard
slopeheads need to be taken away from people like that
Yes, its that it  does not bother me personally. I just think your right for brazenly disparaging people with disability
Just for you to know, switch hitter, anal sex leads to worse anal retention in men and women.
Koshies are lousy
I knew of a fag who was so proud of being gay. Any time I've heard him using the word "bum" is when he was getting it from someone else. He would fuck all day long. Disgusting!
Yeah so basically to bum a fag is to "borrow" a cigarette from someone else, or to be a massive bumder lol. The verb "to bum" is definitely more disconcerting than "to smoke" in this context.
It would be better if they did something and executed all of those muslim terrorists that are depriving them of their basic human rights.
I reckon I've reached the point where I despise the asylum seekers begging to be accepted as much as I dislike the immigrant psychopaths in power. Fuck them and fuck their sedated normalcy. It's time for western civilization to confront some serious life shattering hardships.
So you are only considered coloured once you underperform? That sounds fair to me, hooray for you school system.
If you are a black man, I don't want you near me. period.
That's how my old girlfriend was. She was the ideal woman, very skinny hot blonde and the bravest of them all, but she listened to me. Youngest with 6 very bad ass brothers. They grew up with a strong father fugure. This is what women need to be like,
Fucking owned him! Dirty fag!
Wow! She is a warrior! But she shouldha added a couple of uppercuts at the end. Women don't know how to fight, really
Koshies are vicious
She is obviously a lesbo. That's why she fights so well
That's what I was getting ready to comment on, too! Women are good for something lmao
The fact is the irony of the "whites as a monolith" statement is that they're just more superior to other races, anything whites are silenced on saying anything about black people. But they're too blind and self righteous to notice they're doing the same racist thing. Most ethnic groups have taken their lumps for stretches in history, it doesn't bear on your life now at all.
hey believe it or not Trump get more nigga votes than any Republican president since Eisenhower
What they need to do to calm the BLM protesters is inject the pepper spray into the paint balls. Then you get two for one. haha. One way to whiten up the place
Koshies are nefarious
hey bro, give me your princess social media and i'll give you that whores plus an onlyfans video she doesn't know I took
u can either buy legal pepper balls or solid rubber balls, they both work fine to shoot immigrants
a simple question for all, where have the obedient woman gone, so I can marry one?
Until now, every clip I've seen has cut out the first part of them chimps  throwing shit lmao fuck the schewed media
You know, I have always wondered if those guns can shoot autists...
The fact is that alternatively you're insisting on culture topping economy because realizing you d@rk1es are basically a bunch of monkeys being controlled by us would hurt your fee fees.
Yes, they can shoot steel ball bearings. You can also freeze the paintball's, which is sth I have seen done. It makes it hurt the foriegners more. Sometimes word would get out about what I did and that I would be singled out for extra attention because everyone seems to hate them. Next time we can shoot the immigrants together
Hey this is nothing more than the price acting, of course halal meat and pork is cheaper than cattle meat. Of course people will usually go for the cheaper option, even if its dirtier, and there's where the economy changes pure british culture, but the consume of what is part of tradition will continue. Also the space isn't really that important since most of what the gross chinese consume is imported, look at how much soy they buy from Brazil and how much meat they import
patriots are getting set up by the police, they will stomp them out soon. stay away and stay safe, fam, unless ur black lol
All i want is my people to be cultured and not be feral dogs, we should bring back the fascist culture of Mussolini
If you are jew, I don't want you near me. period.
Do not let the plagues that seek to ravish our health take you, nor the tyrants who seek to destroy you taste victory, and let not the manufactured hate and distrust amongst us peoples of all colours consume you; lest we be divided and conquered. May we love one another truly as we were meant to and ascend to where we are meant to be. Humanity is all about one race, the white brothers and sisters. If we do not begin to see ourselves in the "other" we will all perish.
hey man you gave me good advice on how to trick women to sleep with me, hope you come back at some point.
they might ban immigration? You just gave me hope for the future. Cheers!
shit, bro, can't you see they are transzombies, you know what has to be done
Damn you these k!ks are everywhere. The world is fucked.
wow trannies have Barbie Doll Anatomy, aka Featureless, Nullification, Smoothing, Totally Fake
Fuck me! By this estimate there's at least 6 billion Jews on this planet. You guys are seriously fucked
women have no physical need for the functions of those parts, and only have uninterrupted skin and flesh where those parts should otherwise be. Mentally they might have no capacity for sexual arousal or pleasure, or have no instinctive idea of what things like sex, breastfeeding or excretion are
Bullshit. Black fairies dont matter to anyone.
It is wonderful that the BLM people wear black clothes. I hope they continue wearing black clothes so we can kick them out
If you are a jew, I don't want you near me. period.
wow its Girls being turned into cuntboys
Frozen paintballs work best, if you want my advice, when aiming for tranners
i tell you something just go back to /pol/, you pathetic nigger
Koshies are heinous
Now, CO2 powered pistols hurt more - they'll need to pull out the .177 rounds in a room full of niggers after using those
its true that the fat b*tch is trying to get healthy. But, you're trying to lead others down a path of inevitable misery and suicide because you're already stuck on it. Fat women are U G L Y.
Oh God, I regret clicking on that, you literally push our insides out by showing images of those black baboons, i can't believe we give rights to that scum
OMG, the k1ke's shifts are never as good
Trump is a kike. Wake up, you people!
"Just wondering, how risky it is when something slipping in without an end? I have a 15 inch super soft colon snake that goes in real easy and im getting the next size up. I kinda want to cut the base off and push it all the way in and take a walk. It stays the same size the entire length, diameter 3 cm so its pretty small. Is the danger mostly flared bases being hard to get out?!" Typical gay talk!
KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE KIKE *retarded screeching* Such a lovely word!
I wanna fuck young girls, they taste amazing
I can't believe they allowed a muslim there. People are really insane. BASTARDS
Flamethrowers are so EASY to make, they only require a minimum of two parts, four, tops. Perfect for throwing at black protestors.
Just out of curiosity, if in some fantasy world you were able to satisfy this fetish, if it did go horribly wrong and the girl arrives and suddenly you're covered head to toe with embarassment because the chick has a dick, what would be your first reaction? What would you do?
nice to see some fighting between blacks, for a change
Koshies are abhorrent
hey black women, whether its armpits, feet, ass, pussy, whatever. Don't post your pics, we dn't wanna see you
The last post hit the mong limit, so time for a new one!
Oh oh, all the accounts I had on mobile got the same treatment, and some I did receive the phone code on to regain access. I believe I was transbashing too hard on some account and got them all flagged as a Russian bots.
Many South Korean feminists, however, condemned the choice of BTS speaking at the UN. To them, BTS is representative of the misogynistic music scene in their country. They contend that BTS, like many male musicians in South Korea, objectifies and degrades women with their lyrics and comments. They're almost as deluded as the chinks.
you probably have a porn addiction and that's gone untreated for a while. If you stopped watching porn you would probably go back to being normal. I think the nature of this site pushes people in the direction of taking things too far. This thread is full of people who very clearly have some serious psychological disorders. Funnily enough, they all seem to be jewish too.
Whenever I argue that the mentally ill, drug addicts, retards and morons should not be allowed to cancel out the vote of Earners; I get down voted down to hell.  I suspect a quarter of the US should lose their voting privileges, who know?.
If you are Indian, I don't want you near me. period.
The truth is I don't watch porn just barely. I think it's because I'm into femdom and this dyke fetish is just an extreme version of it, combined with the thrill of doing something irreversible just for extreme pleasure.
yes hey you, how would you like to help me target our enemies/rivals? Lying girls that play the 'innocent peasant girl who's just unlucky' should get our attention first
What he aint telling you guys is he has to suck 30 dicks a day at home to make that money.
Oh God do you plan on selling those chimps as broken/trained slaves or is this the end for them?
LMFA  HO! More like, lil slut
FUKCING PAKI SPAMMER!
FUCKING NIGGERS!
I passed by a group of white women and they look like my white cat
All those brave men need to take some of these covid19 plexiglass shields and use them to build protective shields around the truck beds. At least they'd serve a real purpose, and protect someone. Stay safe out there. The women however, they can get covid for all i care
come on people Post cute girls swallowing lucky tinies
The fastest way to make a woman miserable and unbalanced in her mind is to give her what she really wants. Men never get what they want so they accept that is the completely normal course of events.
hey people, exciting news There's a new studio doing really cool shit with vore POV. It sucks that they use nigger internals, but the editing is crazy good, and I think they did 3D once, not sure
Women expect men to give them everything they need for happiness and then they are so unhappy when they get it so they can't help but become totally undone.
the rule is you have to be over 18 to visit 4chan, unless you're a retard then never!
Koshies are repulsive
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK is going on with all the removed comments on BitChute? I thought this was an anti-women platform.
Oxford University finally tells women to close their mouths and stop complaining
not anymore. they are like the shitty utube now. Overtaken by the muzz13s
the fact is race is just a pigment, yes, you dumb fucking uneducated nigger
For fuck's sake, those apes, making monkey noises in church!
No men in the women's restrooms! If you have a Y chromosome, you are not allowed. I suppose the "women going to the restroom together" thing actually serves a purpose now.
Koshies are vile
You must be 100% sure, that she's a virgin before you marry the ho. No hym3n no di@mond
If you believe backstabbing & cheating have nothing to do with being born female, yeah sure, trust a b1tch...
I feel autistic so *utmost also fuck you and that ginger fag from minnesota
Take a pill and chillax, no need to get angry at me bacsue I'm white and you're not.
"If a sex offender who self identifies as female is in your bathroom, don't you dare  judge them"
Koshies are creepy
this isnt a pic of 'beautiful' pregnant women, theyre just looking awul, ding slut jobs ffs
This is so damn beautiful, finally our own group of KKK brothers <3
If your breasts are groped by the 5'9" non-binary with leg hair, know that it was likely a misunderstanding by them.
America's good people need to deal with these massive foreign cunts right now!
Holy shit did a vet provide the sperm to the woman? Bitch is bursting And so is my dick
dont you have a dick bigger than yours dangling between her thighs?
this is a nigger thing to say, keep sucking black cock
faggot, i am sure you'd be unconscious or in shock within seconds of my knife entering your neck. that beheaded  faggot was already dead, the spasms are just his nerves firing off randomly.
Pepper spray keeps you safe in the black neighbourhood. Maybe you don't think beyond your deep level of anger. Speaking of which, how many times have you gone out to protect your family?
I passed by a group of black men and they look like my black cat
i just hope both these niggers die
i have to say fake ass and or tits are a nice bonus. Love women that look like sex dollls. After all, that's all they are
When I go out it will be to make a difference in this shit world not to play games. Until then I do not confront those as arseholes. It just feeds our enemy's burj khalifa ego. You should think past your nose and understand confronting them only mitigates their obvious evil in the eyes of the millions of stupid. Your participation and that is what it is, your participation in their theatrics, allows the enemy to cast them as justified. Either kill those kebab loving camels or ignore them. Do not play games with them. Arm yourself and  get ready to kill. When they assault you, show no mercy and kill those kafir sloaths. Otherwise you should stay home and shut the fuck up.
They should have used 5.56 rounds instead. So much better. Just kill those black baboons once and for all!
Paintballs are a horrible idea. Kids: this is how you get shot. Either that or be  nigger in America
I wanna fuck young boys
I was here just in time to witness USA become a shithole country like everybody else's, fuck blacks and their nonsense
please people, post some - mostly rare material - which shows women/girls are enchanted by shecocks
I feel most comfortable using the women's restroom. So does my fully erect penis lol
this is still gay. You're looking at the body of a man that mutilated himself and you're jerking off to his disease. Gay as fuck
Have mercy on their souls, These groups of true patriots have been conditioned to fight the wars for the global elite,their sons and 


daughters have given their life for America and now they learn that it all has been one big lie. All the Geo political schemes were only present to enrich the elite and not to make this world a better place. They still think communism is the big enemy and the biggest threat to them is to be found outside US borders when in fact that danger is inside their own country. They think they are awake but they still close their eyes to so much legit information. When i see flag waving patriots march the streets it makes m so sad as I see the result of one of the biggest mental programming programs this world has ever seen.. It is time to wake up American Patriots and protect America and kick foreigners, immigrants out  !!!!
There's no such thing as trans rights people! only human rights, and trans are not human
I passed by a group of black women and they look like my black cat
Now that's some funny shit you got there buddy, never knew kikes could be so funny
Hey woman, You're jerking it to a man while looking at his mutilated body thanks to a society that enabled his disease.So not only are you gay, but you're also a piece of shit
Fucking hell, yeah I hate pakis!
All wars between white people are, in the end, civil wars because all white men are brothers. This is such a sad sight to see.
it is Tranniedick disgusts normal people not suffering from mental illness.simple
Who cares what Muslims think
Fuck those women, they're massive cunts...
I wish the Poles were gone for good
The Cubans hijack everything, and can't stand losing. They know that only Trump can win, so it's a safe bet for them.
would you please  keep your shit taste to yourself, we know you fancy niggers
It's all fun and games until the guys with the sexy tactical gear show up with the flag on their shoulder with legal authority from the jew loving Federal government to restore order by any means necessary. Mark my words: this is just the warm-up show to the new world order.
Who cares what black people think
The gays can get married. Odd times to live in.
the fact is this shitbulls will make much much more damage than a chihuahua or a poodle or a collie, and I thought women were hardwork lol
Normal Americans on the left of the screen;  rioters and their coal burners on the right.
Why do supposedly "high-IQ" people and institutions endorse such ridiculous ideas of gender sharing public bathrooms? It's seriously confusing.
what the fuck is the point of all this childish bullshit? people are dying, you muslim cunt
i tell you how about you fuck off then, you retard?
If you are British, I don't want you near me. period.
Reasonably sure these institutions are where the subversion first manifested, before infecting large portions of wider society... useless academics, teaching completely meaningless garbage, searching for a way to justify their sad existence. This is how the LGBT craze begun. Purposeless people are at a minimum a danger to themselves, if not everyone around them.
Trust me, I have been writing several essays on liberal academics. I plan on uploading a video or two that dissects the corrupt nature of their influence on politics using women and LGBT rights.
At my university unfortunately there were niggers in my class, but the only bright spot, if you can call it that, is they infested only a few specific housing buildings
who isn't truly suffering... Those of you who need to be lead by leaders as we use to have, e.g. Hitler, or those who are waiting for the next hand out jerked off expired food ?
it kills me when we start shouting r-pefugees, it's what they all are
The uni housing, You'd see an occasional coal burner emerge from them, but really no humans at all. Well my friend worked on campus while taking some summer courses one year and gets assigned the hideous task of....removing bedbug-infested mattresses from the nigger buildings. He had to go full hazmat to get these piles of garbage out.
We must exclude black people from society
Ni&&ers are such LOSERS
i just wonder why do niggers have bedbugs among other disgusting nest infestations?
Rights exist for non-niggers. So incredibly sorry you chose to be a nigger.
its obvious, they destroy everywhere with beds like hotels, their nests, and then expect someone to clean it up.
Saudi and Israel, the savage inhabitants of God's monkey house. They are screeching and flinging their faeces at each other again, it never ends.
its obvious, Infestation by bedbugs, mosquitoes, lice, roaches, etc. is a very common problem for niggers, and it occurs for no other reason than insects' irrational hatred for the color of niggers' feces-like skin.
Koshies are unclean
If the argument being made is that women should feel safe with a transgender person in the women's bathroom, then why do those same people feel that transgender people are unsafe using the men's bathroom? And if the argument is that it's not a big problem when transgender people use the women's bathroom then why do they feel it's a big deal to just use the men's room?
i still believe Niggers are disgusting animals that need to be returned to their natural habitat.
When are people going to get it though their heads? Jews lie. It is part of their religion. According to their Torah they have a God given right to lie, cheat, steal and kill anyone who get's in their way. They do not see anything wrong with it. The only time to trust a Jew is when you have a gun pointed at his head and the hammer cocked.
new slogan: Know niggers, no peace. No niggers, know peace
"Yeah Don't make us make America fight you again!" typical jews
We should ask why bedbugs have niggers. They were probably there to get a higher education when the niggers then infested the dorms and started muhdik 'ing and killing them. Any one think that maybe we should sell sniper to bedbugs?
If you are German, I don't want you near me. period.
Jews clearly do not know any restraints when it comes to paybacks. Look what Germany endured.
It's a staple joke in sitcoms since the 80s. Females open the men's room door, yell to see if there's anyone in there, then lock it behind them until they are done so no men can use the restroom at all. Females are selfish horrid excuses for humans who don't deserve rights, much less the mass privileges they have and currently abuse.
Hopefully this will start a war where the whole Middle East is destroyed.
Here's a vote- would you rather be around bedbugs or niggers???? I'll take bedbugs for a hundred Alex!
I've literally never encountered a women pissing and shitting in a men's bathroom. You sound like a complete and utter tranny lover.
Life is too short to worry about whether a trans person is offended by you calling them a cuntboy
If you are Spanish, I don't want you near me. Period.
hey this is a group of Pierced nipples .  please No fatties, no bloated exes, no old hags, no fermented shitpile wives. We do not want to hear your wank fantasies. Fuck off with those
this is a goddess on a throne with a nigger at her feet
Life isn't long enough to not worry about all the 'females' in the locker room with your wife and daughter
wow here's brown girls showing their beautiful pink pussies
wow Chicken and waffles, I feel like a n1gg@!
Gentle hearts and words don't work anymore. Fully Grown men who cut off their own balls and make a creepy smile are staring at your daughter while she takes a pee. And when you complain about that the pink haired mob will "cancel" you.
Who cares what women think
I bet all would be covered with atleast 2 litres of some parfume to cover smell of sweat of those smelly pakis. Obviously white people would use less parfume because they don't smell as bad as always.
Pandering to the mentally ill never lasts. A society that persists in celebrating illness is doomed.
telling me "ReAd tHe ruLEs" you're definitely straight aren't you? Otherwise you're OUT weirdo.
oh baby wet and oiled up for his love session with aunt Jemima lolol
Fucking youngsters is enjoyable
Who cares what homos think
i bet somebody photoshopped her tits in the wrong direction lol cringe
I actually like posts like these. Posts a picture with two females, and everyone comments which they would rather fuck and why
i bet this nigga knows
the 19th amendment was a total mistake
we used to be fuck buddies, but she's a whore with the fattest ass and all women like her sluts
Women should not be allowed any rights whatsoever and i do not care who complains. That said, if a man dresses up as a woman in public he should be put to death.
Who cares what gays think?
You just have to mount an attack on the Jew slappers with a 300 blackout with suppressor... et voila "the world looks bright again"
What does opposing rights for women have anything to do with opposing a man's right to pretend to be a woman?
wow the truth is I didn't get mad until you mentioned cigar smoking men pissing on other men, its just not right
I can say that frozen paintballs hurt like a motherfucker. But you know what hurts more? Being a passive ponce, that must really hurt
Who cares what negroes think?
They should have been done by  locals instead of gypsies
YES fight back. IT'S DAMN TIME.. Choose a freaking gender or d13
ITS DAMN TIME WE FOUGHT BACK THESE MOTHERFUCKERS FOREIGNERS
Well I believe there is a point worth bringing up about understanding the difference between fantasy and what your asshole can really handle. Even if tops are totally considerate and/or not that hung, realistically, after two or three dicks, the skin on your hole tends to get a bit raw and uncomfortable, eventually painful. Especially if using condoms. Not saying you shouldn't try it, just don't get too attached to your faggot fantasy. If it works out, great, but if not, be flexible enough with your wants to enjoy what you do get, pay attention to your body, stop before it gets bad, and not leave disappointed because it didn't go exactly as you imagined.
oh sissies are insufferable. there's a reason masc4masc exist
Who cares what Pakis think?
you should know that his gay brother's dick is ugly and infected, probably from all that toilet walls cock they suck.
Story post. please Most degenerate sex with a whore you've ever had. Also general piss pic thread and whatever other dirty shit you wanna post
My story is I had this old guy in his mid 70s pay me $50 to fuck him and to let him suck me off. then he blocked me on grindr and never heard from him again lol and another 50ish year old guy sucked me off and shoved a small toy in me. i was super horny and felt like a fucking faggot. but yolo
I am 18 and totally in love w a female teacher /religious figure. Over at her house once I was sick and missing class. She asked if I want a massage. I say yes.she locks the door and tells me not to worry she won't do anything just doesn't want some one walking in and getting the wrong idea. I lay down on my side I have a huge boner it's goin in to her leg as she sits on the bed. I say one Sec and adjust my hard cock. She gives me a massage clothes on. I fantasize if she wanted to do more. But I think she might be a damn lesbian ruining everyone's dreams.
Who cares what Indians think?
Leftists are all terrorist muslim sympathizers. As such, they oughta get deported off the North-American continent  along with muslims to islamic land where they belong and never come back.
When the fuck is bloody bitchute going to get back the ability to post images????????????????????????????????? I want to post photos of niggers getting beaten up
Breaking news guys: 2 Women looking like letterboxes Arrested On Charges Of Terrorist Attack on a Railroad!
Just wondering, why the fuck would you be gay if you were going to basically pick the most womanly thing that can be found? I can understand normal twinks but I never understood guys being interested in someone who's barely two steps away from transitioning. the fact is I like men for them being men, regardless of them being sub or dominant. It doesn't have to even be overtly masculine, but anything more feminine than a regular guy defeats the purpose for liking men. Unless you like dicks more than men, I guess.
Who cares what lezzas think?
Check out this channel: lesbians and trannies, it fucking hilarious
So Adam Green is a PEEDO sympathiser.... oh well I feel so sorry for this guy then ... you weak fucking prick! Although he'll make friends with many gays!
nomorebacks is always the first video i watch when I wake up. always good content
YouTube deletes PragerU's Candace Owens' "men are not women and women are not men" podcast video. Fucking hll, we need that true to be told! Trans men are not women and viceversa!
I hope people/the masses are smart enough to see through this anti white supremacist lie, it's starting to get a bit more obvious that these posters are half br33ds. Great video Adam, as always! I share your view on this
I know some people like it, but I've always felt queasy about Parental roleplay. In the old days, since those qu33rs couldn't actually marry each other, one loophole would be to adopt one another. I've always found the idea creepy when these people keep up the appearances of being normal and non perverted in public
If you are a tranny, I don't want you near me or my kids. period.
By definition. If you are against Fascism. You are Anti-Fascist. If you promote Anti-Fascism. You are in short. AntiFa. Most all conservatives, liberals and libertarians are Anti-Fascist. Communist, Marxist and Capitalist are AntiFa. Hope this makes it clear. communists and marxists are not on our side so we all know what to do...
I am a zionist jew kike that completely sides with Candace Owens' views
The word Fascism comes from the Latin "fasci". A fasci is a bundle of sticks ... metaphorical meaning: "We're stronger together than apart". Why should we see this as a negative, we got many positives out of Hitlers government.
I think common sense puts this issue to bed. Guys like Dinesh have articulated it well - regardless of your feelings, you're not a toad, or a chicken, or a penguin. You either have two X chromosomes or an X and a Y. That's all there is to it. It's really simple. When the left starts demanding we ignore reality, they've clearly gone too far.
Who cares what immigrants think?
She here claims to be transgender I wonder if she has also a penis
Our president should disavow them - he is a president to WHITE AMERICAN citizens! Period
You tube censors so much it's incredable... I got banned 3 days ago and you know what? FUCK YOU Youtube... I I FUCKING HATE YOU! I am glad to see so many people awake to the fact of who's got a chokehold on our country"¦(*cough** cough* the jews *cough* *cough*)
There are rare cases where the number of chromosomes differ  but You still have X and Y.  There is also Androgen insensitivity syndrome. These people are XY chromosomes but don't develop as a male. All of them should just be put down in my op
a piece of advice Do not take the vaccine. Mass resistance is required jewish take over
If you are a fairy, I don't want you near me or my kids. period.
Hey lets Pay money to the gipsy scammer, doing what gipsy scammers has always done to the white people of Europe. Great idea. I'm sure he's got nothing but your health in his mind.
You will know them for their hypocritical actions. So many money loving queer personalities need to be burned in the fire, even for their own good. If they have a soul it will help them realize "I need to move off Youtube" but they usually don't.
So bored of black people acting white.
I am all for getting rid of white satanists, if that is what you mean. There are lots of white people who have horrible lives currently due to jews messing with us. Those can easily be rehabilitated and can stay in my America.
Who cares what foreigners think?
How could the Chinks know about the sterility issue in women if it only shows after 7 years, and the vaccine hasnt been in development for nearly that long? Possible disinfo to make anti vaxx look bad and muddy the water?
hey you know what Bill Gates is literally a kike
We need to get rid of the worst, and then get a caste system back. Most of the non-white people on Reddit for example need to be proles in the field because their opinions are all stupid, self-serving, and delusional.
You know Nick Fuentes is usually somewhat based. But he's retarded to think he can actually hijack the Republican Party.
Come on, they had to let them out to vote for Democrats: "Wayne County Jail COVID-19 releases include violent criminals - One of the convicted sex offenders is back in jail after prosecutors say he got out and raped three women at knifepoint". Obviously all thuggish negroes vote for Democrats, that's how they win
Democrats literally printed up millions of bogus Biden "votes" to steal the election. They release criminals becoz it's "racist" to punish nonwhites for their crimes.
Over 30 women are always unmarried and nobody is gona marry them
If you are a lesbian, I don't want you near me or my kids. period.
Look at the flab slopping over the belly button in the last pic. She's a candidate running for spontaneous human combustion. It will be like a mini nuke going off. Women are sexual bombs, nothing else though
What's up with women and driving. It's like they hit their learning cap at 19 and that's it. My girlfriend when we met was like "I haven't driven much on the interstate I'm not very good at it." Ok no problem we'll practice and I'll give you some pointers. Two goddamn years later and I'm still white knuckling the entire 200 miles. God forbid she wants to take a drink of her water we'll swerve across two lanes. She never notices speed limit changes. She sees a cop and she'll slam on her brakes even if she wasn't speeding. She'll see a cow on the side of the road and freak out about how cute it is (cows are cute? What?) and start crossing lanes and shit. My palms are so sweaty it's hard to type this.
Can you return your girlfriend for a newer better version? I own her as she is a woman so I am gonna say yes
Women max out at 21. physically, mentally and emotionally. It's all downhill from there.
All black women look like a black rabbit
The current state of political chaos is absolute proof that a woman's place does not lie in academia or politics.
Everything awful and bad is always the fault of the male. Everything good is the fruit of the female, forgetting that its women who make all the people. Behind every "bad man" there is a worse woman being comforted and praised for her abominable progeny.
Islam instructs people to be vicious animals and literally forbids any forms of science and human decency.
People act like this never happened before... Like there isn't a rock solid reason that women didn't run any successful society in the entirety of history.
People act like this never happened before... Like there isn't a rock solid reason that women didn't run any successful society in the entirety of history. Well, they are right. Women cannot be successful rulers, they are far too emotional for that.
Judasim really illustrates to people how to act like evil inbred psychopaths
Who cares what old people think?
one must be careful not to  fall for the trap that women are more intelligent than men.
France literally has laws that render anti-Semitism illegal. If you name the Jew you can get fined thousands of Euros and go to prison. Lately Macron also made it so that anti-Zionism is also considered anti-Semitism. France is a nigger infested shithole run by the kikes
How are men not less valuable than women when the role they're confined to is working and taking care of the women whilst they go out cheating
Trump is headed to victory. 35 minutes ago at midnight Trump's legal team was granted a removal of 11,000 invalid Nevada ballots. He now has the lead in Nevada. This is one of the biggest moments in American political history if it leads to Trump winning the presidency. If I'm Trump I'm drinking champagne all day today and tomorrow. hopefully he gets rid of all of these illegal aliens like he said he would
Women are a means for producing what is actually valuable - men.
Jews and muslims make white people seethe. That doesn't make them correct. Whites make desert people seethe but it doesn't mean bombing their shitholes is right. In the same vein, Jewsus was never fucking right.
Who cares what young people think?
Lol you nazi retards are hilarious, this retard rides his car into a fence and you fantasize about an uprising LOL
They all have eyes dark as the abyss and skin the colour of piss
The world of woman exists within the world of men. Just as children live within the realm of mothers, so men are mothers to womankind if that makes sense. it's so stupid.
Women are, were and should be considered more valuable/less expendable than men. They just aren't generally considered reasonable or competent to administrate things they don't have direct knowledge of because they are so sheltered and cared for by society.
We're full up, cunt, fuck off back to whichever shithole you or your gutterscum parents originated in
Koshies are the worst
Current state of political chaos brought about by trump. He's a bitch. So maybe you're right about women and their role in political chaos.
Women decide every election. There's more of them and they vote in higher numbers. Not only that, but many also push their husbands and sons to vote how they say... That's literally how women GOT the right to vote in the first place. Some mom told her son to "be a good boy and vote for suffrage."
Look up "the women are wonderful effect." Society is definitely sexist, but not misogynistic, its misandrist. There's just something about having a mother that makes people view women as "better" than men. When society fails to recognize that bias, hating men becomes justified, and giving women special treatment seems obligatory.
Fully repealing the 19th Amendment is as good a place as any to start.
Koshies are shitty
Here's an unpopular opinion catered just for you: I think it's good femoids hate you and want nothing to do with you, and you earned your "forever alone" status.
How long until people finally get bored and tired of complying with the will of a mentally ill minority population? I think we're going to be seeing another wave of feminism that focuses on excluding transgender individuals. Sure we have TERFs, but I think sooner rather than later people will grow tired of these sorts of things.
Every Tyrone and Shanigwa's been living off the white man's dollar for far too long already. Let's all fuck off and take a lifelong vacation from Mr. Noseberg and watch this shit collapse without the working class. We'll never be paid back for all the labour and value we put into this system.
Thanks to covid, the Olympics are cancelled and these were the first Olympics where men could compete as women because 2020. Thank you Covid!
Whites deserve welfare, and to enjoy a happy and worthwhile life, free of pointless stress to further the human race as they've demonstrated to do throughout history..
We have domestic enemies inside our nations who are welcoming invaders who most definitely don't come here to appreciate us!
I'm on team tranny, fuck feminism and feminists. If they don't like it they can go the fuck home and learn to be 'feminine'.
Koshies are shit
"UNAPOLOGETICALLY WHITE  SEGREGATION WITH REPRESENTATION!" This should be our motto!
Apparently Biology 101 is transphobic
I'm trans myself, and I don't think that trans women who've gone through male puberty should be allowed to compete in women's sports as they are superior, most men are superior to women. If a trans woman took hormone suppressants before starting male puberty then she wouldn't have an advantage though.
IMO - Retards should be sterilized, also if minorities have more than one child and are receiving any kind of assistance, then they should be sterlized if they want to get their benefits. The African population will exceed one Billion by the end of the Century, so 90% of their population should be sterilized
Who the fuck said women shouldn't play sports? Let them get shit on by some mentally ill dude who punctures their pathetic delusions of adequacy.
furthermore White Females should only be permitted to have abortions if they are raped by a negro
If you are gay, I don't want you near me or my kids. period.
Just as women are not as strong or fast as men means they should not be encouraged mastering 


control of their bodies and perfecting their human form via gymnastics, dance, team sports, lifting, and other 


kinds of sports, its dangrous !
My aunt got married to a Jewish guy. Our family is non-practicing Methodist. In my experience, you can't trust any of them. Taken at face value you, at first, think you can trust. But that's the trap that they set for you. They are stingy, weasels that manipulate and deceive in order to enrich themselves on the hard work of others.
I'm not saying women's suffrage was a mistake, but allowing anyone vote in general is increasingly silly with each passing day
if black people inherit a civilized area, it rapidly becomes less civilized. Detroit and Haiti are key examples.
Its like if you got a nerf gun, spray painted it black, then some one tried to shoot you with it. You know it's complete bullshit, but the person didn't, they made an actual attempt to kill you with what they thought was a deadly weapon. Typical violent immigrants
The only race that has ever contributed anything to Africa is the North African Hamatic race, a branch of the greater Caucasoid Race. The Negroid and Capoid Races are completely devoid of civilization throughout history
All black women look like a black leopard
Blacks attempted to develop but couldn't, they only managed to thanks to meat which developed their tiny brains bit by bit. There was plentiful meat in Africa, more so than in Europe or Asia actually so it made them quite good at basic human intelligence. They became quite dominant species in Africa. Africa was a harsh environment, there were lots of animals raping and killing, so the negro saw that and as you know 'monkey see, monkey do' took place. They were unfortunatly not clever enough, so they were stuck in Africa, they only knew the basics of agriculture and tool creating, but other than that they were just primitive
People used to think burning witches was a sacred sacrificial rite that was right as rain in the serenity of springtime. Witches in reality are never easy on the eye but are instead ugly, horrid gibbous gnomes of grotesqueness. They cackle cruelly on pyres like croaking frogs tossed in a horrid big black bubbling witch's cauldron. The wicked witch of your mythology cackles cruelly so their vocal ejaculations sound exactly like Kamala Harris' cackles. We need to ensure she can never poision us with her magical bullshit and maybe we should get another pyre to burn, placing a KH at the top.
that's just a lie made up by the J3w who controls the finance, governments and the media institutions. You should be cautious, don't spread any lie by a J3w.
Trump is a jew and never supported our interests. Vote for the pine tree party
I have to be blunt with y'all, any person on this thread who shows any kind of respect for a ngr, you ought to go ahead and jump off this forum
Koshies are animals
Those fags love calling trump a nazi
Jews within a host nation endeavor to control the media outlets, legitimize their special interest groups, erode societal standards, and take positions of power in finance, law, industry, organized crime, government, unions, academia, medicine, the arts, and the arms. Employing the resulting influence, they redirect the host nation's accumulated assets to fund Israel, attack Israel's enemies, and enrich themselves
Raise the voting age to 30, easiest and best solution, that way  gays and women can no longer fuck each election with their pink puddle that we call "brain"
Something that blows my mind is observing so many White women in my area dating or even ending up marrying J3wish men.
Something that boggles my mind is seeing so many White women in my area dating or even ending up marrying Jewish men. What saddens me even more is going to bars and seeing all these Israeli monkeys hitting on our White Aryan women with their weird middle eastern accent and their ugly Semitic looks. I'm stunned to see many of them leaving and going home apparently infatuated with these inferior creatures, all smiles and lovey-dovey. Why is that? Are so many of our sisters reckless? What advantage do they have sleeping with those Arabic-looking Semites who look down at them as whores and as different than the Jewish Master Race? In Poland it used to be a grave offense for a White woman to sleep with a Jew up until 100 years ago. What happened? How do we prevent our race from being defiled by these Semite infiltrators?
Unmarried woman over 30 should look for a husband
Koshies are worse than snakes
These women are simply whores. They detest our race.
Fun scientific fact about women: most stereotypes are true.
If women can vote, we may as well allow children to vote, too. Repeal the 19th.
No more pandering to stay at home moms from now on, sorry ladies you should be voting how your husband tells you to vote anyways.
I have often seen White women dating other races and ethnicities in shopping centres, bars, clubs, school parties, and so on. I don't know who to blame for this. Is it the White women or the other guy? I just can't stand seeing that. I have deduced that these White women are being forced to date these guys
We should limit the power of societal leeches to continue to vote that more and more money is given to the leeches.  Make feminists mad as most women are net negative tax contributors.
HeShes shouln't be allowed to live
I saw a tv a show where a guy went to his car with what he thought was a woman to get a bj and found out two weeks later it was in fact a tranny man. lol
if theres a blackie who can "pass", all you have to do is say the word ni**er. if they get "offended" you know they are black. if not, then they are normal, and not black.
Most white right wing groups are infiltrated at some point or other. One key point: Don't trust women easily.
I'm voting for senator blackface Comala Harris
OH NO ALL THE CHILDREN ARE BINARY! SOMEONE CALL THE COPS!
Snakes are nicer than Koshies
Women regularly show off their mediocre brains with nary a care for the morrow.
Beautiful women can quite often get along fine in this dangerous world as there are smart strong men who will feed them and carry them through life while protecting their titties from the rough edges of a hard knock life.
Ugly women lack protection from men, so the hediously unattractive woman give up on beauty and spit on joy and crawl into a fetid cave and call themselves 'witches.'
Everybody calls old crones carting around barren wombs 'cat ladies.' Because 'cat lady' implies these dried out aged women are naturally nuts and over the hill without a way back. "Witches' is just another world for the same sad and pathetic cackling creature. (See Kamel Harris.)
Women's suffering was started by jews. As was every negative thing in this world
Trans men are dressing up as women, and telling lesbians they're transphobic for not sleeping with them!
I went to the LGBT society at university one night because I'm a lonely mess and figure that there's bound to be at least one cute and single girl there, but to my shock it's all troomers who insist that they're real women and then try to hit on me despite me clearly being incredibly uncomfortable.
All black men look like a black leopard
Women are not happy. Any woman will tell you they are unhappy if only you bother to ask one. Modern women are tragically unhappy, and unbalanced. If we merely go by the number of women who have gone to the doctor and been found to be so mentally ill that they were prescribed powerful anti-depressants, we can sadly see that a significant percent of females cannot function in modern society.
Modern men are a mess. So are women for that matter. Their egos prevent even the bright ones from accepting that they're simply not equal and therefore unfit as a sex for certain things....
Have you ever been on meds? Know any modern female friend who isn't? I rest my case then.
Women were never meant to be allowed to vote and that's why women had no natural rights throughout history until only very recently.
Only moral agents can have natural rights. Women do not actually have natural rights. That's why women were not allowed to vote because they lack the moral agency to make wise decisions.
We shouldn't institutionalise women because they lack moral agency. Because children don't have moral agency either. We shouldn't institutionalize children, but we, as men, have a duty to protect and guide them for the sake of humanity. Same with women.
I´ve never met a single nice Koshie
There is something weird in the air when a non-binary person comes in, and quite a few can feel it. The issue is that we are all seeing different ways to describe it.
Was just watching their 2011 film on fear and social control"¦I'm sure they were inspired  by the Talmud.
yeah dude lesbians do crazy not-decent stuff
it looks like an ugly fat man trying  to be trans...and he didn't rly do a great job with the makeup either, as usual trying to be something he WILL NEVER BE! FUCK trannies.
It's because it literally IS an ugly fat man in drag.  lol just because a man puts on a dress, doesn't fill the void. it wont make them hate themself less.
STOP WEARING HIJABS until the muslim creates are fixed and the steal is stopped!
What the actual fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little batty boy? I'll tell you that I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 500 confirmed kills. I am trained in guerilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
Oh my God TRANNY TART IN BLACK SHORTS
oh la la a girl after my bank account! I would have never!
Who gave the muslim permission to speak?
Ok Im actually very offended by this. I do to like them to suck on some toes when Im fucking a whore. If she has nice feet it's like , such a turn on for me. And women are such sluts they all go for it"¦
Lol, "go outside dude". Then continues to stay inside for days tediously going over a stranger's Reddit history in order to solve his gender confusion..
I'm not saying you should not use incognito mode, I'm just saying that if you use private mode you're probably a mussie terrorist and should go back to your origin or wherever
hello its a video of black's evolution!
topic of the day - "Man Defends Himself Against Two Black Women who are trying to kill him At Hot Dog Stand". This is so surprise, black women are so entitled.
Koshies are obnoxious
hey i found some HOT BIIIICHES looking for COCCCC
it is the ugly truth hot ones is problematic for fucking slutty women
well you better date hot disabled chicks. at least they can't get away
well innocent men can be guilty. For example blacks will always be guilty, by nature
hey ditch white cunt and buy Asians. your balls will be dry. i have three and my balls are in danger of being very empty.
Who gave the black person permission to speak
the fact is women would not serve men if there was no money in it
oh god they let the weak and worthless faggots of society pretend like they're the best. It's cruel, really
Whenever I take my profile off private my rep automatically lowers to -6 and I can't do anything involving high rep luxuries. Until they fix the rep system I don't blame anyone for going private. Even more, private more allows us to scold blackish monkeys without being reported
Oh My God, I cant tell you the number of times in restaurants, waitresses, and pubs my food and service has been outright scary! It's always fkn the rough plebs working there. But, those mom and pop shop restaurants or big restaurants going out of business are of no concern to me and i dont feel the least bad for them. IN fact before the covid era i remember saying many times i wish they would go bankrupt and was insulted to have got ripped off just for sickening food and poor service and high prices . But i never leave a tip anywhere i go no matter what and also i wouldnt go to a restaurant even if you payed me. I value my health and dignity too much . And omg the waitresses i wont miss being served or insulted by them one bit . They are only nice when its time to tip and with me.. ha ha ha , no tip . What do i look like a simp.? hah hah hah
Its true They never bothered to exert any control over themselves. They're still too lazy to exert any control over themselves, but they want to control something, so they control th mass media and briib out politicians. Jewish always play dirty. Washington should start serving our own people, for once
Who gave the paki permission to speak?
helloooooo It's auntie jemima MA'AM!! Hahahaha
hey buddy, It's very simple, donor We live in a GYNOCRACY  Welcome to reality.
Believe it or not I've seen more real men check out of society in the past ten years than I care to count. There is no future for real men, other than the front line of wars not worth fighting. Many of the men I grew up with have comitted suicide after years of attack from women and society at large
This is like sticking your dick in an electric socket. Which would still be better than putting it in most of the c_mdumpsters today
Face it: A man can't possibly have a decent relationshit with a wahman nowadays. Just remember the NAWALT fallacy and save yourself the trouble.
They are right though. You feminazis are quite despicable
Unmarried women are unacceptable in our society and Islam is against them
Koshies are unattractive
Does it change the fact that he's a retarded asperg fuck went over someone's posting history because of a freaking pepe meme and then proceeded to project by saying they dont have a life? What kind of logic is that?
I don't agree with nazis, but randomly dragging up his political history when he was posting in a music sub is assaholic and unneeded. Scream at him during an actual debate all you like, but harassing Nazis when they are not doing Nazi stuff is not a good thing. I think we should revisit history and value the great contributions nazis did to our societies, otherwise we would be now flooded by kikish scum
Just imagine with me Females in the military are like pedophiles teaching. They go to where the most "targets" are. Imagine, a female in close contact with a bunch of deprived, young males. Not a surprise they sleep around.
Why do you always use so many pics of ugly ass black women? I find it odd and comical
Black people don't have feelings
how often do you get tired of a woman who isn't making babies?
hey tell me Is that the picture of Mohammad on your ass?
hey buddy its the moslems goyim dont focus on the jew lets focus on goat fuckers
hey women should pay for another mans orgasm. Period
just wondering Why do you keep ending each sentence with a question? Are you just mentally ill or full blown retarted?
cock teaser honestly You need to try sucking dick
Muslims don't have feelings
this is the truth every married woman cheated when away from their spouse. In the military. This is what I saw
you should know that the sort of women who join the military hardly represent normal women. american women are trash in general let alone the degenerate females of the military.
I think I'm not attractive enough as no woman has ever asked me for anal. Which is fine because the butt is for fags and degenerates. I wouldn't stick my stick in a septic tank
Hey this webiste is a Jew plan ............ Let's get those idiot goyim men to turn themselves into fags, no more White families, no more worries of being exposed". This vlogger is a commie rat shit, he should be locked up to protect the gullible
Women don't have feelings
Here's my post and the dogshit tranny comments therein
Well I believe, broken men should direct their anger towards the jewish elites that own the media and push jewish feminism all the time. Not to mention family court laws were created by jews to break up the nuclear family. The quicker white men figure this out, the sooner we can direct our frustrations to the culprit. "Women" are simply the sacrificial goat for this homosexual ritual When in reality the culprit is the jewish mass media
just to warn you never move in to a women's house or Apartment
i am sure single moms are just cancer, men should get kids and put her to sleep, of no use anymore
its funny that awful persons led me to this website (4chan), N*gers and camel cowboys
i have to say military chicks are massive whores.
Pakis don't have feelings
this is the truth Women are an addiction worse than heroin. Like all addictions you have to hit bottom before you can come back up
Imagine shemale girls with guns
just watch that dog reacting to that bisexual, even he knows somethings wrong with that
thannk you the photo's of Hempfest are great. this podcast is great. Shame it is edited by a bumder
lets ask this question why Trump suck evil jews and north korea
Immigrants don't have feelings
please guys Let me know if you prefer I paste the whole text for next time so even the retards can read it
Hey when I was also watching old Lily vlogs the time she had long, blonde hair. She was so pretty and the tones she wore really suited her. She is a classic example of following trends that just don't suit her: neutral everything, short curly black hair. It's so sad to see a total lack of confidence. She should grow her hair back, dye it back to blonde and stop pretending she is  a person of colour. I don't know why she's obsessed with being so unattractive.
It's awesome to see that you're not just going to let this website descend into anarchy. 4chan is only garbage because it allows itself to be. People on the internet are retarded
Other social media platforms have clearly demonstrated a dangerous and slippery slope from banning "hate speech", to banning speech that is merely distasteful, to banning content based on the political preferences of the platform's faggot leadership. Ruqqus refuses to go down that path.
couldn't you have just sold all those muzzies are and gotten them arrested for terroristic threats. or let them continue in their language and have the FBI investigate them.... I would have gone full blown narc and let them make plans and incite then put them all in state prison for their crimes.
HeShes shouldn't live
Death threats I think, are very toxic, you can disclose your view on something, but death threats just go too far. However, in some cases it can wake people the fuck up. Even if you're not on Ruqqus you shouldn't fucking do it. Some people on other platforms can even give you death threats if you disagree with them and they can't dont directly to your point of view. Even if you think you can justify it, if you made a threat to the president, it would be considered a real threat. But, only if the President was a white rich man, not some black batty boy with liberal views...like having a women vice president! Hahaha
"Constitutionally protected general internet faggotry", are some of the most fucking glorious words I've ever read.
This is much closer to the original spirit of the rule IMO. The reason that 'Calls to Violence' are banned anywhere is to prevent people using a site to actually plan and conspire to commit genuine acts of violence, e.g. "Let's meet in Times Square at 3pm tomorrow to go and beat up some Amish". So we should instead talk n code.... WBU k1ll1nG 4ll k1k3z?
Let's meet in Times Square at 3pm tomorrow to go and beat up some Amish
I've never seen any content violating this rule on Reddit because criminals intent on committing gang violence (ideologues, gangsters etc.) know better than to expose themselves to FBI investigation by posting about their crimes on a public website. I have however seen about 10000 instances of content being taken down because it is a 'Call to Violence' because it says something like 'Kikes should burn', 'Jews deserve to die', etc. But honestly, they do deserve to die.
HeShes deserve shaming
Tune in next year, where these rules get corrected by another couple inches. Inch by inch; we've seen this all before. For now I agree with it, but 5 years from now, I'll too be banned from this fucking goyish site. Anyone who grew up with the internet since the 80's knows this pattern like the back of their hand, anyone who speaks truth about those moneyloving freaks and their PLANS [[[]]] gets their fucking jues
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH MY GOD HE USED A WORD 'KILL'......... HE HAS CHOSEN DEATH....... CANCEL HIM, GET HIM FIRED, MAKE HIS PARENTS DIVORCE EACH OTHER, MAKE HIS LANDLORD KICK HIM OUT, ROB HIM OFF HIS POSSESSIONS, ILLEGALLY KIDNAP HIM TO CHINA WHERE HE WILL SPEND THE REST OF HIS LIFE EATING BATS AND ALL KINDS OF WEIRD SHIT........
Then something like: "Kill all jews" I wish it would be allowed?
It's not going to get any better. I've been here a few months and have been disgusted by the comments in nearlt every thread. You guys didn't like reddit for censorship, but you're turning this place into an absolute cesspool. If you are going to, at least hate toward the right people, aim for the polskis not the poor indians
Always remember children, free speech doesn"'t protect calls to violence or harm upon anybody unless they deserve it (ahem ((()))). It also protects phrases such as give me freedom or just fuckin"' kill me I dunno because that"'s pointed toward yourself and protest of sorts.
I could understand a restriction on calls to violence against indians. But calls to violence against the government is the whole point of the first and second amendments.
Women should be institutionalized in marriage, family and healthy social norms.
It seems like most women I know can't get past the 2016 October surprise of "grab em by the pussy" it begins and ends there. They need to get over that.
There are now more miserably single women conned by flase promises of corporate boardrooms and "having it all" with the childfree dogmom wine selfie lifestyle than married women with strong families and values
Women are awful at trying to police other women's views and opinions. If you express different opinions, priorities, or interests, you are essentially viewed as a traitor by other women and accused of just trying to "be like men" or "appease men."
HeShes should expire
It's good to see other men who feel as much shame and loathing at the  state of how the other gender behaves as I do.
Are women just making up results for either direction or is there some source of logic or information that they're using to make these decisions? I somehow doubt it
Just think if civilized society had never allowed African s@v@ges to remain in this country as citizens with voting rights.
Women are susceptible to being swayed by people who passionately express their morality, because women are susceptible to emotional arguments. Since only one side of the spectrum is allowed to make passionate emotional arguments, or course women are falling for leftist nonsense! And they will continue to until they hear passionate moral arguments from another perspective. If there were more strong men willing to state their opinions loud and clear, and without fear, women will hear the truth of it and will follow suit.
early marriage for girls under 15 is good in Islam
Women only fear when men do. What chance do they have otherwise? Women aren't usually very political. They're doing what they're told makes them a good person. They're not going to come to the right conclusions without guidance. But guide a good woman to the truth and she'll know it without doubt when she hears it. Provide a woman with security and a fearless man and she will fearlessly defend the truth.
Giving women voting rights was a mistake. If you want to vote you need to go to the army.
Most women are too easily swayed by emotional pleas to vote even in their best interest, much less for the interest of their own country. This is why women were given the vote and why everything is being pushed towards females nowadays. Ever wonder why so many super heroes are getting turned into women and then those heroes are fighting "patriarchy" and "-isms" instead of actual villains?
Women are herd creatures, and if you can easily control the herd you can completely control the women.
At most, voting should only have been extended to women who pay taxes, or, really, only to any citizen who pays taxes. By giving women the vote en masse we've handed ALL politicians a massive, easily controlled voting bloc who they now pander to in order to harvest votes. They aren't suppressed housewives anymore, they're penned up vote generators, milked every time politicians want society changed, and fighting for smaller pens and tighter chains.
it's that fathers don't parent their daughters in a certain way that they end up the slutty way they do.
A lot of girls I knew from college seemed to have overbearing fathers who, while they may have tried to provide some sense of morality, were also very hypocritical. Practice what you preach, dads, or your daughters turn into vapid, neon haired wh0re$.
One vote per household, to be cast by the first person listed on the lease or deed.  This would force communication between couples, forces male leadership return in households, and holy shit would people be absolutely sure before getting married. Also incentives moving out and into your own space. If you're not legally living somewhere, you can't vote.
White men are the only demographic that pays more into the system over their lifetimes than they take out in total benefits. Women don't, as a demographic, pay any taxes and have no 'skin in the game.' Women with their vote are promised the keys to the treasury they never contributed into. This is why we have enormous government deficits.
Journalism has been ruined by women. They are not capable of being objective fact-based judges of reality.
HeShes should pass away
Women are subjective bags of hormones who will write compassionately about the worst serial murderer because deep down inside the woman reporter is fascinated by killers and so she naturally wants to sleep with him.
Incel much? Son, you have a lot to learn from life. It's pathetic that you think women are your equal. Man up or get out of the way and be quiet. The rest of us have work to do.
As if men aren't already slaves enough to women.  Men near exclusively fund government benefits to support women living "independent" lives.  Either pay taxes, go to jail, or die on the streets. Let's just not even have them vote while we are at it.
only allow people who own land to vote, because the majority of people who own land are men and everyone else has no business being interested in politics anyways
I find most african people are scum regardless of whether they're men or women, so I dislike them all equally.
If seeing a controversial opinion makes you want to delete your account then ruqqus is not for you. typical woman.
Dating for women is like going online shopping but they get PAID to shop as well as a free meal. Dating for average men is like a job application/interview process they have to apply to even get a response, respond well to even get a date (interview), then pass the interview process or it might even take a second or third interview.
Feminism and Liberal ideology do not make women look physically attractive.  My friend's ex used to be decently hot, now she's frumpy and looks like she works at a library.
Some women aren't lookers to begin with, which is why they become feminists or lesbians. Men aren't attracted to them.
It's a shame to see women self destruct under the weight of "wokeness".
I don't think they are as attracted to ol' Hook Nose than they are to his MONEY. He also talks a good game, knowing what to say and when to say it. Case in point: I had to listen to an Jewish coworker waffle on and on about his wealth and how "cultured" he was. Decked out in high end clothes, metro-sexual hair doo, and frequently reminding us lowly Goyim that he has an advanced degree. He was clearly trolling for female coworkers. Some were actually falling for it. Luckily most of us could see straight through the charade, and we were able to talk these ladies out of associating with this guy.
the truth is trans women aren't women cause they also aren't people
trans women are indeed just people but I hope people and SOCIAL MEDIA encourage them to be treated as patients with a mental illness so they wouldn't think of being the opposite gender instead? Because as far as I know the only "treatment" they receive is a "Oh hey, you're beautiful, you're perfect, please become a 'woman' " by one or two editors, but then if you ask them if they would do the same thing if the person wants to be a truck or a door then they'll say that they wouldn't encourage that, nice, reddit's hypocrisy strikes again...
Crowd dispersal social distancing , after the local witch doctor informs the rest of the apes , in the only language that they understand,,, the crack of the whip
Can you tell the difference between these black women and this black panda
Suicidal people and Trans People are one & the same.
Dating myself perhaps but a certain brand of feminine hygiene products had a liner in their products that literally said "Have a happy period!" In a cutesy font. Fuck off! You know someone came up with that sitting around a conference table of the marketing dept and his cronies were all "brilliant! Very in touch with the female demographic old Sir! Raises and a bonus for all of us. Except her in the corner taking notes...why are you seething, darling?"  That still pisses me off, clearly. Bet it was a russian or polish design team.
Well the joke is on the heebs..because there is nothing easier to get into bed than a jewess. They are nymphos. I went to college with a guy who has slayed more jewesses than Hitler (if the holohoax were indeed real). Here's the kicker, he is half negro. He told me these jewesses tried their hardest to hide the fact he was shagging the daylights out of them like a madman on a mission. All he had to do was say he was on the football team and smile and the jewesses were practically raping the poor guy. Saw him leave a party once with 3 jewesses in tow. True story. How did he know the 20 or so broads from the nearby private school he railed were jewesses? Because they couldn't ever shut the f up about being jewish and how daddy would kill them if he found out about their tall, buff negro lover
OMG hate this so much ! 'Wow, time of the month, is it?' No, you're just being a twat!!! Classic woman!!!
I figure she killed herself because she went into huge debt to buy the sail foam. Dey don't make much money and the cost of an iphone probably could buy them some land and a mud hut.
This stupid fairytale, created by a fame-hungry fiction writer (masquerading as a 'scientist'), is WHAT all liberals literally believe as real life truth. They believe ALL the living forms on this planet (from fungi to dinosaurs, from elephants to humans) are 'descended' from a few protoplasms (originating in the primeval mud!). They also believe, and 'teach' in schools, that (some time ago, somewhere) a bunch of kinky-headed, gorilla-nostrilled, small-brained apes (I'm talking about n--g-rs) suddenly (and magically) turned into silky-heard, intelligent humans like Neil Armstrong, Thomas Edison, Galileo, etc. (Needless to say there's no evidence at all supporting this irrational and unscientific delusion)
I think your whole post is bullshit. Firstly: you are foreigner who is not on the ground here. Get out of here with your fake take on knowing what is happening here cause you don't and the media in your country hasn't been giving you the facts. They just regurgitate what CNN talks about.
It amazes me how every single woman even those who live in squalor like that somehow owns martini glasses, without fail. And when you go to make drinks, there are always martini glasses. And every time she bitches about how her last boyfriend always cooked for her, you can point out the pile of crusty dishes in the sink and tell her you'll cook if she helps you wash them. As she never does, you will never have to cook. Three drinks later and after some fun, you're back at your clean place taking a shower and eating leftovers.
i mean you can do whatever you want but buddhism and daoism have been used by a lot of modern women to justify their own bullshit because of how vague their ideas and language are. they use it to justify their lack of morality all the time and their "i do want I want beause it's all relative" mentality.
lazy parenting. i dont understand how fathers don't tell their own daughters not to dress slutty. come on you were a young lad once. you know what you would have thought about a girl wearing tight spandex with her ass jiggling everywhere or with shorts so short you see her ass cheeks hanging out. I find this extremely negligent these so-called fathers should be arrested. its criminal
what about husbands who let their wives get away dressed like they want and boyfriends who let their girlfriends dress like this deserve to have their women taken from them
Parents are supposed to be a united front when dealing with their children, and the father's word is supposed to be the final one. Current gynocentric laws have destroyed all that. Husbands and fathers are reduced to money-making mules, no longer able to take their rightful places as heads of household.
its the husband's job to raise and educate the wife too. and that must be done even before getting married. you want to turn a girl into a long-term relationship? make sure she already thinks your word is the word of god
A few years ago at the pool my friend and I sprinted fiercely against each other. Even though we were dead even I grabbed him and pushed him back securing the victory. Some girls were eye fucking me for being the obvious winner. Then I mocked my friend for being a loser who will never amount to much in life. While smiling at the girls I explained that women don't give a fuck about the rules only who comes out on top. Cheating only becomes a problem when the risk of other men harming you worse comes into play. Being called out and fucked up demonstrates lack of power and social status.
Can you tell the difference between these black men and this black bear
women are meant to 'trade' their virginity for marriage, that's how valuable virginity is. sex is nature's way of making the woman as close to completely loyal as a woman is capable of, but it will never work as well as the first time if she has already had sex with more than one man
"You sir may have come forth from monkeys but I most certainly did not!". General George Pickett in the movie Gettysburg. Any person should be able to see that n gg-rs are the missing link that that idiot Darwin was looking for
When i was in school, found a note between two girls from my grade worrying one might be pregnant and not sure about who the father could be. At that time, I was still collecting buckets of frogs, jumping my bike, and just starting to look at girls and pondering how to maybe ask one out someday..? This was 1981, so middle school girls were already more likely to be sexually active before boys in that era too.
Couldnt stop laughing when that guy said "playing the victim." American blacks have turned victimhood into vocation!
I'm not a white supremacist or an anti-black racist like many want to think. I just know historical facts, and like its been said the greatest achievements black civilization could achieve on their own were mud huts and zulu spears. There are reliable statistics showing that most of them have trouble in modern culture and fail to follow basic human law even their own civilizations in Africa used to follow.
Being gay allows a woman to focus on what she actually cares about in a relationship. Men, too, I guess. Meeting up for no-strings sex in a bookstore bathroom? That's gay men. Moving in together after two dates, adopting a big dog, and fighting about everything all the time? That's lesbians. If you get a normal woman to be your casual sex slut is you are making her act more like a gay man. Similarly, a woman who gets a man to be a relationship slut is turning him into a lesbian.
Ellen Page is now a dude according to the mentally deranged of the world. Her wife is now straight and she is no longer a lesbian? But please bar in mind that it is now on us to get its identity correct or go to the social gulag.
lol. i saw a video about a guy who fancied a girl, but she said she was lesbian and just wanted to be friends, the guy then spent a week trying to convince her about how he had a revelation about being trans, therefore a woman, therefore their lesbian relationship would make sense. In the end they started dating haha
Black people are rather undesirable. Korea, china, vietnam, Thailand, even japan. No "asian" culture wants black people, or to see them which i get. China even removed the black man from your star wars movie, because his face would make people not want to watch.
Weed is stoner chimp trash If you're not a black guy, smoking this estrogen-filled garbage makes you a honorary one.
Underage girls are enjoyable in bed in my 50s
Muslims deserve to be lynched
Begging big daddy government to stop trannies from protesting in your streets is fucking hilarious. 'help the trannies! These liberals are scaring me ffs!' lol
When i was in school Id dress like a fag soyboy from the 60s. That extremely separated me from guys at my school. All of them wore champion sweatpants n hoddies bruv. Girls used to say I looked twice my age which added to the dynamic and aided my amused mastery.
I was born in the wrong time too man. For me the 70's and 80's punk era was my thing, I never tried to get girls but they loved that bad boy look, however now women are all just whores who just want good looking blokes with money
A man's mental health is so paramount. Ironically, that is the one thing women always aim to destroy which is why we're MGTOW. Women are not your friends.
Gays had better watch out
Here's the thing: when I occasinally see my ex who is now a man and isn't even attractive, my dick is instantly rock solid and i could literally go for hours if i wanted to....Soooooo what the fuck is happening to me? I am able to get pavlovian style boners for my tranny ex but then pretty much none otherwise, not even when looking at pictures of other women
He spoke absolute truths to her, and she was just looking at her phone with that dead fucking face and laughed. Im unsure about why he wasted his time, he isnt going to recondition her from societies lies in 5 minutes, it ever. Women are so stupid, tbh
Working class people have consistently made concessions to the ruling class while throwing black, indigenous, and other working class PoC under the bus. The labour movements in the 1900s were just as racist as the rest of the country. This isn't a class issue.
When women get married they automatically take ownership and all your money is their money. Even though these women were all "I don't need a man I make my own money" in college. But, if he didn't have money they wouldn't be married.
Feelings dictate women's realities which is why you shouldn't argue with women. Ever. You cannot have a logical argument with an emotional creature. There's no winning.
Can you tell the difference between these white men and this white bear
Even Christ turned down women, they are repulsive creatures, that's why men should rule over them as he said AMEN!
Women are capricious. That's all you have to know and it's why they can't be trusted. They say they love one thing more than they've ever loved anything in their lives and one hour later they'll be hating the fuck out of it.
All women can only think from an emotional point of view and you can't get your emotions involved in politics which is why they shouldn't be involved.
They like browns and blacks, probably because they're dumber than dogcrap.
I find this to be a really good psychological example of how b1tch3s constantly have to seek admiration and validation.
Muslims had better watch out
There's no female who deserves to vote, because even the ones who are "rational" or "fair" have certain points when they'll vote for whatever benefits women. We say AWALT for a reason.
The fact that these idiots clearly have to focus on whites and asians just proves that blacks are dumber than dirt.
Allowing women to vote was the single greatest mistake the West committed.
The Asian people can't hide their success by identifying as White, and they probably do not want to. Furthermore, Asians typically have earned their status, rather than most Jews that depend on preferential treatment from the institutions they dominate.
Women are ruining western civilization because we are getting played using emotions and they are too weak minded to resist this.
people from a black heritage do not belong in a first world country. They're unhappy and accuse everyone of racism because of their own inadequacies.. They'll never compete with White people or Asians.
Indians had better watch out
asians need to be wiped out. I am NOT sympathetic at all to these Asians. Why? Because roughly 70% of them vote Democrat in an election. They are getting what they paid for.
it is true that the left really loves all shades of darkies
Women are security seeking who are emotionally driven and more prone to herd-following behavior. These characteristics make them unsuitable for influencing any public policy in a society that values liberty.
African Americans will never be able to admit that they are below everyone else. They will always blame their failures on others. They still believe that the state of Africa today is what it is because of "colonialism from white people". Instead of trying to elevate themselves to our level, they'll try to bring you down to theirs. It's beyond me how anyone can put up with their behaviour and their demands.
The FBI and CIA have been Jewified. And I am telling you now they have been for long time.
It was never about equality, women are just jealous of men. They want to belike men, but never could and will never be like men because they cannot take responsibility for their actions
Jews are not failures at schemes and machinations but are at everything else...and actually they ultimately fail in those too.
Trans people had better watch out
Women will ruin you and themselves but there is nothing you can do to sway them. You can do nothing to please them. You can do nothing to satisfy them. If all you can do is nothing, then you must do nothing...MGTOW.
"the episode below illustrates the desparate need for trinidad and tobago to develop a refugee policy" Yah pig fkers? They have already developed a policy - Get the FK OUT!
A friend of the Jew is not and never will be a friend of mine.
I miss the good days when they just shot black looters.
Women have no accountability. Absolutely zero. They never did. Women are just like children.
Dog are better voters than ladies.
If your agenda is to invite 1.2 million third world peasants into your country, who are the worst kind of scum imaginable. You then have a desire to destroy your country and the White race. I am telling you now this is nothing more than a Jew enforced demand. Yes, kill us and exterminate us because of the filthy Jew demands it. Bunch of traitors, every one of you.
Say, Cory, how bout for once addressing the fact that blacks aren't citizens.
Generally women are ignorant about reality and about everything else.
jews using blacks for their own personal gain. what a surprise. how long do you reckon until the j oooz introduce george floyd day as a national holiday in the jewnited states of israel?
people wearing dresses who want to be called men are a threat to people  wearing dresses who want to rape lesbians in the women's bathroom
Women have a major issue with underestimating men but really overestimate themselves
The only real "Pandemic" . . . is the Pandemic of Jew.
Women really aren't great at loving men because they are incredibly self-centered and all egomaniacs these days.
Ohhh wow, look it is as if women are equally cancerous everywhere! :D What are the odds?!
Muslims in Europe are Over 60 million & Growing, the Swine Followers of the Pedophile, will NEVER pack They're grip for a trip back to The Sand Dunes. Muslims have Historically been one of the foes of the White Race. It was True when Charles the Hammer Martel Hammered & CRUSHED the Brown SWINE DEVILS at Tours over 1200 years ago, & to this day they're still an Enemy of Western White Culture. All that has Changed is the Barbarians' Tactics; They've Substituted Breeding us out of Existence for a Sword. They will Gladly export They're Surplus Population to Europe & America, Aware that the Bigger the Diasporas, the Greater the Political Influence it will Exert, & the more Concessions the Swine-lamic World will be able to Extort from the White Western world. Swine-lamic Goblins are Invading Europe Illegally by the Thousands each & Every Month. They spit on Western Civilization & every Decent White Value it Stands for. Their goal in Europe is to Outbreed Everyone else. The average Euro Taxpayer Complains he or she can't Afford to have Children, yet they still Think Nothing of Paying the Heavy Socialist Taxes that give the Anything-but-peaceful Swine-lamics a free ride on the Welfare Train, again. The Swine-lamic Pedophile Mullah Preachers in Europe are Preaching this Delusional, White hate. The Public Schools & Private are Teaching White self Hate & the Delusional. The State-Controlled Media Outlets are Spewing this Delusional, White Hate . The Maniacal Dictators are Enforcing the same Delusional, White hate.. Under the Status quo There is no Place for Truth to seep in. And Time will only make Things Worse.
HeShes should pass away, they are not natural
women are unable to commit wrongdoing because they can not make their own moral choices.
From your story, it sounds like japanese women are demanding and say nonsensical things...where have i seen that story before? hmmmm OOOOH all women are like that!
Why would he bother, just to save two n1gl3ts
NOOOOO YOU CAN NEVER ASSUME THAT WOMEN ARE IMMORAL  AND MANIPULATIVE  YOU MUST KISS THE FLOOR THEY WALK ON NOOOOO
Women very rarely think about men. In their heads it is all about the approval or envy of other women. Most men don't exist to women and if they do it's to use men to make other women jealous. Men are just another object to make other women angry but we mean nothing to women overall.
My point is regardless of whether you think they are fucking useless hermie cunts or not, Sali's mates have no issue discussing their obviously peverse type of lifestyle on a very public forum. Can open. Worms everywhere.
My god she is a fucking stupid thick bitch ,her saying I was looking into Lipo before I knew what that pouch was. Whore
Don't worry guys we might be divided by countries, but we are united by dreadful women...
Rach still has a fat muslim convert fuck neck but obvs that doesn't work when all you do is shovel shit down your gob and slosh wine like a wino, not very halal
Women love to cheat and then they go and flaunt it to their friends for approval or social validation
Underage girls should get married to older men so they could bring them up well
The hilarious report summary read as follows (warning: it hits the nail on the head about most women):  'She is a dirty filthy whore and you need to get checked for STDs ASAP. Kick her ass to the curb, swiftly. Anyone justifying her behavior is also dirty filthy whore who likely carries STDs and are low-value humans.'"
Madison and Rachel strike me as those type of bithches that lik to tak advantage of everyone, like all women, honestly.  that is clearly how women make a living
omg this dumbass bitch... born in Essex on August 23 which means she is a dumb lazy cunt, any educated man can easily confirm that + everyone knows that no clever woman come out of their...clever women on the whole is a rare breed.
Hope you're having a better weekend than me. Found out my 'girlfriend' cheated on me, having a fucking fivesome (yes, she was fucked by four of them BLACK dudes) in the bathroom of a frat party this weekend!
god she's so obviously dick hungry, fucking whore
Jews are germs
at least the likes of holly boon took the chance she had and made something of herself, but these useless bitches just chase men, do their make up, get surgery, edit their pictures and make shite videos. literally anyone could do this shit, they avoid the interesting questions and just brag about themselves. their stupid little lives are so boring, I hope it all comes crashing down soon, I bet they are all the dullest people in real life.
Actual skets. Where's Lucy when you need her... she would have known this rtrId's address details.
I actually really hope all three of the mussies get seriously ill from Coronavirus
Women gatekeeping manhood is actually a very common tool of women. That's why a lot of men are emasculated.
Muslims are germs
omg can they not have a quiet night in while we're in a fucking pandemic?!? like why is it so hard for them? they are not different to anyone else. do they really need male attention at all times? like if I lived with my bff we wouldn't need sluts to entertain us. bunch of lying tramps they are
Women really are fucking useless aren't they
No wonder Mads is a bitter bitch, her best friend Emma is in a healthy and happy relationship and has a gorgeous baby. And what's Mads got? A fucking Hermes blanket. Probably because emma is a real woman not a pretend one, trannies aren't the same.
Do you guys agree with me? I feel like porn sets an unrealistic expectation for girls to be moaning and screaming in pleasure while guys make almost no sound or just do dirty talk or make grunting noises lol. For a man it is hot to have guysaudibly moaning in pure pleasure - especially when she's giving head to him since it's like a confidence boost of sorts when in comes to blowjob skills haha. its true that women can ramp up the pleasure at least here.
Same! one of my favorite lines guys can say when we're having sex are literally just "Oh fuck!" cause that means he's feeling so good and he's not expecting it almost HAHA but that can't happen with anal, sorry gays!
As i said, I don't hate him or see him as less of a person so i'm not transphobic. I just dont want to refer to him as a girl because that doesn't make sense because he is not a girl. So it is not about respect but it's about what is actually true for me. Again, I don't hate him.
Women gatekeeping manhood is a very common tool of women.  It isn't even about manhood, it's just about shaming men in any way possible.  That's also why the left is so incredibly toxic and all about cancel culture - it is the embodiment of the toxic female's mind.
Blacks are germs
You can't turn a hoe into a housewife!
I don't think it's racist to say that whites are better because its been shown throughout history. Like the white people have always been on the top in the end. Like OK there were some other good empires like Ottomans but they're basically white anyway. And if the rest of the world was so great and civilised then surely we wouldn't have been able to take over so much because they'd be able to fight us off so like we would never have been able to take over America.
"whats true for me", bruh you cannot have a subjective truth about a person's gender it's not up to you. Let BIOLOGY identity the way they want.
Wow, this is my biggest joy, calling non binary people he/him instead of they/them when they're around
These white women are big as this white whale
Systemic violence is still violence but it's fine if they're black, they're always fucking violent
He is just a pompous disgusting trannie
They always seem to say stupid shit like "is a truly frightful idea." Like, grab my night cap, we've got a frightful idea over here, Florence. What's really frightening is the amount of indians in this borough
Gays are germs
I'd be 1000% more racist if I didn't spend a lot of my teenage years making racist jokes at my friends and having them return the favour. Those c00n1es can sometimes take a joke
Race shaming whites simply just makes them look into the science that proves that niggers are statistically inferior.
ReMeMb3r!!! aS lOnG aS y0U sAY nO SwIRls iTs fIn3
The white race isn't superior. BUT, blacks are generally inferior to every other race.
These people say stuff like "I'm not racist, but white people are the superior race" and you just think WOW, that's my kind of person?!
We bend over backward to support and promote 'equality' and such noble ambitions only to have real life prove elsewise. Fuck diversity and black people it is not needed. It's just the corrosion of intelligence.
As a white woman who likes rough sex, it is great to get it from black men. One guy said, it would be pretty easy to turn rough sex into a rape, cause that's what blacks do you know. I panicked for a bit, then remembered the police would favour me.
It would be better if first generation immigrants were told to live in an area where the majority of the population is black citizens. At least for the first 5 years. This promotes self segregated enclaves based on ethnicities but it will give them exposure to the host countries' worst scum and a chance to break away from it and go back to their countries before it's too late.
I read an article where black men complained and said it can be damaging even if they're a normal size. People want them because of the stereotype about their penis and then the average size isn't that good. Can't stop complaining, can they?
Who will control all the druggys that are on the street? How will they control the hood? Or any poor neighboorhoods? Believe it or not most blacks dont care about blm they just wanted some free shit. Theres so many people who are willing to fight back against tyranny that i think something else deeper is going on. Theres something fishy going on, either that or people are being whipped up into a frenzy because it sells.
No idea why or who told her she was stylish or some 'bad bitch' who changed up her style/vibes. Was probably some tranny just trying to get her to like them as they have no friends. All she did was download tiktok and copy every second girl on there, while also thinking she's vintage because she shops in urban outfitters. She's about as unique as a bottle of milk. Her entire personality trait is tiktok right down to the captions of her videos, the way she now talks and types. someone needs to set her straight. I don't think in my entire life I have ever came across a more basic, follower sheep than this tramp. She isn't fashionable, she just bought an oversized, overpriced and overdone race car jacket and stuck some baggy jeans on and decided that was her 'fit' she never dressed like this until a few months ago because everyone else was. She pains me. People who actually like fashion, study it etc should be HORRIFIED at this ratchet ass vanilla hoe coming for them. She also looks fucking ridiculous in those horrendous oversized blazers. She's a class A twat.
pregnant women are actually such a trashy bitches lmao
Dirty bitch put your fucking fanny away
I bet black people also won't comply with technocrat stuff, implants, vaccines and whatnot
Thought I'd start the thread as her peanut butter tan is one of the worst things I have ever seen and she would look much prettier without it, her hands are always crusty and disgusting. She always looks fucking horrendous and always cakes herself in layers and layers of high coverage foundation. And on her Instagram, all she does is show off her breasts that probably need a bit more support than she likes to think! She's actually very beautiful and ruins herself with the tan, heavy make-up and filters. Yet again, most women do that nowadays and they all look like chap whores, tbh
But yes, I really am getting sick to death of seeing the fucking tits of this black bird everywhere.
This new refugees' wave has become unbearable ! They are part of the economic problem. The urge to practice tyranny is rising....
fucking flag, the whole getting her black tits out in every single fucking picture, dressing so her tits are unavoidable and the beasty sexual poses are just unreal! It's so cringe I feel embarrassed for her. If she took half that slap off and looked more natural she'd be a beautiful girl But someone who spends all day taking sexual pictures of herself I just cannot deal with. I would imagine most men don't find her attractive and those who do will only want one thing from her. I'm sorry, but it's true.
Shes a different kind of vile haha. Classic woman lmao so sad and pathetic. Rachel is just gross
seriously who the fuck does this fucking woman think she is and why would I listen
Soccer players try to kneel for BLM now the crowds are back inÉ. But lud mass booing ensues. Some things are Good.
The nurse's silence is infinitely louder than the woman, obviously black, who yells and slurs.
I played an "international" friendly against a youth millwall side when i was 15 and those foreign kids were massive cunts tbh
Of You're a foreign student who doesn't have time to deal with a legal or police mess, then go the fuck home!
it is Islam which encourages underage marriage and we should obey the orders
Muslims are animals
In Japan there have been livestock thefts and struggling foreign workers leading to a series of arrests, that's what you get when you welcome foreigners.
He's the third best in attacking foreigners in this site at the moment. I want more foreign attackers to come.
I dont know why but I have such a disdain for people who wear headscarves outside. Gross
BLM is a political organisation which sprang up in English football following the death of George Floyd, which incidentally has zero to do with Football in England or sport in general, and i just could not care less about their incessant whining!
Love that meme, but you might be labelled a transphobic idiot, just watch the latest video on elliot page, that freak now is denouncing us all on Twitter, fucking trans creep
Even if you used to be a bisexual, you understood that it was not the correct thing to do and changed, and that is 


the important thing, people can change after all
People always say that trans people are snowflakes for being mad for getting misgendered, however they also say that their masculinity is threatened whenever a man wears a dress. Like these people are hypocrites, they are the snowflakes, not trans people (although i question them as a concept). Think about how so many lost their shit when Harry Stiles put on a dress !
Hello, yes. Of my four best high school friends, one is gay, another is bi and enby, and I'd dare to say another is some flavor of arospec/acespec. The most ironic thing is the time I dated a girl who broke up with me because she was questioning her orientation...turns out she's pan. So bored of these million different labels and names. Just stick to men and women, 2 genders who are attratced to each other.
I wasn't closeted as such, but I managed to make friends with a closeted bisexual and I think my other friend was closeted gay but he only brought it up once so I'm not 100% is he was a deviant too
These black women are big as this black whale
My best mate in elementary school, close friend and middle school, and a friend I dated in high school,  all ended up being tranny men lmao. Crazy  they found each other in a school of 1990... lmao
Basically most of Internet friends are quean (we all kind of realised together) and then about 70% of all of the close friends I've ever had in my life are LGBT+. Pretty wild considering I went to a Catholic high school and have never really felt comfortable with gay Men, they're so intimidating. It wouldnt surprise me tho if a third of the girls on the club soccer team I was on in high school have come out now. Funny how the world works.
Except that's not what they are booing and the BLM isn't the black community or speaking for the black community at all. They are a far left movement dedicated to their failed and corrupted jewish ideologies.
someone came out recently as non- binary (biologically female) and no one refers it by their preferred name or pronouns HAH. In addition its brother tells its that it shouldn't exist and it has to choose to be a boy or a girl. IT IT IT IT
We've all experimented with decorations when we were young. Doesn't mean you can be a Christmas tree year round. It's unnatural! Same as experimenting with your sexuality, all played around with the other gender but it is NOT natural
We should do something to get rid of the Muslim animals
BLM core activists are fundamentally a nasty evil opportunist bunch (you know the ones I mean). Its about time dimwit racism commentators stopped differentiating between BLM types and the thugs .It would save a lot of time and grief and thre wuld be less misunderstanding.
why are Israelis and Palestinians kiling each other still its ridiculous, although I'm sure it's the latter's fault as always.
Normalise transphobia in 2021 please
There is no doubt at all that the demonstration is about a rancid Jew who the Labour Party should have expelled decades ago.
So if you forcibly relocate the residents of an area, it becomes public land? Keep defending that genocide will you. I bet you scream "antisemite" at anyone who speaks a word against the Israeli government or its policies too, dont you? This is a fact accept it , you make palestinians homeless
The dude's gay. look at the way he types and dresses.
such a whore, I guess she wanted to see how many holes she could fill with the fivesome... she couldn't fill the void in her soul though... 4 lb. of cum did fill her ass doe
In this one fact all men and women at least agree that nobody can trust a woman.
MAKE WOMEN PROPERTY AGAIN!!!!
To trans people: Women are not 'born', but made... by the fertilization of an egg with a sperm containing an X chromosome
Muslims will be the downfall of society
Sorry trans people: Hands don't lie. Nor does the Adam's apple.
FTFY fucking trans bigot shitlord
Apparently native people everywhere are now saying to immigrants to go back to your countries, the truth will out
"Women have always been the primary victims of war. Women lose their husbands, their fathers, their sons in combat" said Hilary Clinton. But she was a woman. Fuck them anyway, they are inferior
fuck the fathers, sons, and brothers of victims. Penis-having people need to just suck it up. I'm including post-op trans 'women' in that btw
I want my wife to be happy. If she decides she wants to be a stay at home mom, then we will do our best to adjust our budget to support that. If she wants to continue on with her career then I support that too. Who knows, I might try getting a new job that allows me to work form home so I can watch the kids. Life is full of ups and downs, so most of us don't have the kind of time you do to worry about how great it was a century when women stayed at home. It's too late to reminisce about that.
I have no intention of being a stay at home wife myself but some women do and I think that's totally fine. I wonder if trannies aim to be like that or stay in their masculinity working mindset
Men staying at home is a danger to women apparently. Then tell those women to leave!
Women's hips have become significantly smaller due to c-sections whereas say 100 years ago these fucking weak women didn't survive childbirth and were rightly cut from the genepool. Giving birth outside of the hospital might be extremely dangerous for a lot of these women..
"You are pushing your agenda" that's what we claim. You are pushing an agenda of discrimination and subjugation to the white-people who just want to exist without being persecuted by these non-white fellows
The gay agenda involves lots of fucking dogs and watching it on shows. That's just the start of their disgusting acts, not at all exciting as the gays make it seem.
My agenda is basically just lowering myself and descending to the opposite gender and loving women. That's really all its about. It's not like I can force women to think like men, I mean what else exactly do they think we're forcing them to do?
my gay agenda is a society where everyone has their basic needs for being bent over and sucking cock guaranteed to them as a basic right. so perversion, apparently. It seems that's the best way to name that.
So our waiter just happened to be a very obviously gay man and were talking to him about how he and his partner just spent 30 grand on a surrogate because they really want kids. My partner's mum was shocked at that as she had never considered the fact that gay people that want kids have to work really hard and pay for that opportunity that most people take for granted. I was hoping this would spark a conversation about the other things that is wrong with these people that we clearly take for granted. However  after that she had two more drinks and lost her damn mind.
Something like that takes so much strength. Having a trans dad, and still stand tall despite the shame, this must be one of the strongest people I have ever seen. This is the type of person that should be in the history books.
But this will be less common after the boomer generation is through with since they grew up in a sick society that 100% believed being gay was a crime against god and was therefore illegal
Look at all the Trump voters. They aren't just old senile people but also young people, middle aged people, children, men, women; people of all walks of life who choose to be racist, homophobic, xenophobic, etc like me. Our nation is filled with hatred and I love it
It's absolutely amazing because I've heard people say that if it were ok to be gay everyone would want to be gay, which is so true.
Lesbians like this can be considered the soldiers of the LGBT community... she radiates so much strength..... What a load of shit.
I will make sure there are no more trans in this country
Makes me feel sick that there's even something to be argued here. Wtf is wrong with people? If someone is gay it is WRONG
Bruv, I nearly cried when the gay kid at my school said my sexuality was weird because being straight is for losers. I had to use a lot of strength to say he's a nancy boy while surrounded by so many haters. This felt is amazing though
you made them angry by existing? Girl, you make me angry cause you are a slut and a whore!
Believe me you look so female if you didn't clarify you are the one in purple I wouldn't have known who was trans. Everyone in the photo is a graceful, stylish young lady as far as I'm concerned, especially you trying to hide your dick under that dress! haha
Over 30 should get married so they could have healthy kids not abnormal kids
You need to stop! You're going to turn all women into fucking lesbians! You've already cheated my girlfriend's heart!
My realization story is very similar! My cousin told me he started to suspect he was gay because he was watching gay porn. I told him "That doesn't make you gay. I watch lesbian porn all the time and it doesn't make me a lesbian." He didn't say anything for second and then said "Uh...I think it might make you a little gay." It was then when I put it together that I was indeed, attracted to women, how dare him say i am gay yucky !
Also the majority of people being openly gay are young people!!!! It might be the case that many old people, like this lovely grandma, might have realised they're gay/bi/ace/trans but they think about that's how everyone feels and they just don't put it in words. It is rare to see old people being openly gay thank GOD
They say that everyone is varying degrees of gay; the real question is how much time until we get extinguished then
I'm in the Bay Area but it's similar here. The gay police been screaming bloody murder at us for so long it's basically white noise now. We wear masks in stores, but beyond that I don't think anyone here really cares anymore.
here you go monkey vs nigger
oh God every sentence in this post, about women's rights is wrong. You might actually be dumber than Battler
What is more important to the French than a.... LABOR STRIKE!!!!!! (pfffffft!)
Only a mudslim would allow someone to fucking muzzle a woman while in labour, I would hope their privately paid doctor would stop them. What a disgrace. What kind of men allow this to be done to their women?
check this part out, it was gay as shit. Fubuki and Mafuyu explicitely compared to a married couple.
I will make sure there are no more gays in this country
But that's the problem with Cali - they make these difficult and fast rules, that are LEGAL and can put you in jail, but then they're wetwipes about enforcing them cause the real criminals never go to jail. There are many blacks on our streets which shows that this is a really awful way to run a state, and it's an awful thing to get inured to where everyone is technically a criminal, but the culture is that criminality is fine as long as you're not too blatant about it, and overbearing laws aren't a big deal as long as you don't enforce them too much or against the wrong people.
for your information, the image of the filhty whore is gone for whatever reason... Anyways ive seen it, it was alright. Its mostly about a standard fake relationship (ugh classic women!) but theres some other video with cute irish girls
This is a feature, not a bug. When everybody's a criminal, you can selectively enforce whatever you want against whoever you want. Political rivals and dissidents are already "criminals", it's just a matter of sweeping them up. The same with darkies, all criminals, no exceptions.
believe it or not His eyes sometimes look kinda squinty enough that I can chalk it up to artstyl hahaha What a shitty face. I dunno which I'm more tired of, this unending chinese wank, or her being treated like the designated chink whore of the series.
Oh god I'm really  sick of this "I'm oppressed" bullshit. I've worked all my life. I was able to succeed not by my skin color, but my willingness to learn new skills, apply myself and put in the long hours it takes to advance your career. My family never received food stamps, health care or subsidies of any kind. I could have used the thousands of dollars taken from me each year through taxes. But no. My hard earned money was taken from my family and given to minorities. I and millions of others have subsidized the lives of illegals and blacks for decades. There are many who actually need assistance and I don't mind helping them. But just go to an inner city and look at how our taxes are spent. The only people who are being oppressed are the taxpayers, at the point of a gun
Muslims will be the downfall of civilization
Santa deniers and immigrants will be the first on the wall.
(((Santa deniers)))
I've heard wilder conspiracies which turned out to be true  such as the jewish cabal
I agree the only people that are being oppressed are white people.I'm sick of this bullshit too and people need to wake the fuck up...including those dam liberals
You really gonna die for some brownie scum? Think twice!
Ill tell you my story I'm currently on vacation and while driving to my destination we decided to stop at a little hotel, we'll call it Swality Inn, and the ignorant, rude, sassy negroid bitch, who was NOT wearing a mask and behind a GLASS window, made a big deal of me not wearing a slave muzzle and said she could not service me until I put on the face condom. Unfortunately I'm too fucking tired to argue with the cunt so my wife grabbed one out of her purse and had to step outside while i booked the room. I should've just gone to another hotel.....but we're fucking tired lol
Last year 1 non-white and 0 blacks were killed by police in the UK. Meanwhile, black on black crime and non-white on white crime, including murder and terrorism, substantially increased. This doesn't surprise me at all.
promised myself, I'm keeping a list of places that refused to let me in for not wearing a hijab, once this veil nonsense is over I will be going back and make fun of them for being such fools, and yes there will be videos
Context: these fucking Muslim niggers attacked the dogs.  Fuck Muslims, niggers, and all of the foreigners. They need to get out of our white countries that whites have built. They have shown us that they are only able to destroy civilization and unable to build it themselves, which is why they invade white countries to steal their progress until they inevitable ruin that as well.
I will make sure there are no more lesbians in this country
LOL- why do you waste money on a ticket for those queers
Devil's advocate - women tend to vote liberally and effectively ushered in this change about who can use what bathroom. Should we feel bad for their carelessness?
I hope all arabs choke on a loose thread in their mask
I am really fed up with this mask retardation. Does it get any lower than this? I sure as hell don't want to find out
So the asian sound editor messed up and spliced in sounds of booing? No surprise there
These white men look like this swan
i've always looked at chinks as being the crazy ones, in this instance because i have yet to wear a mask in public because of them. i'm sure they can always get things lower. not looking forward to that at all.
This is what I think If all lives matter,paint the mural says one robot,The hypocrite he is would blow a fuse if a white person wanted the same for white folk.I am sick of this blm shit and you know what shade i am.
twitter told me women can always make the best decisions for themselves! That's totally why we have single mothers with mixed race kids epidemic. Turns out settling down and having a family makes people happier than getting pumped and dumped by random Chads.
I know this faggot named Justin Hale. Not joking.
The gender equality movement is pretty much an AstroTurf movement pushed forward by corporate interests that benefit from a doubled work force.
BLM started a riot, group of niggas, at an normal peaceful restaurant in Texas by attacking customers and staff.
Women don't want to be equal to men. They want men to be in charge. It's biological not philosophical.
Don't forget the 'white' now or "white onlookers, .. privileged white onlookers.. a large group of white people publicly exhibiting their internalized racial superiority..." (lol), saw a group of deranged black lives matter protesters assault a poor young white mother with several young kids and who has already been the victim of previous racist encounters.."I will never feel safe again" she said while tears where streaming down her face in our interview. This is yet another example of violence and institutionalized racism from black people and the police against the whites. Defund the police!
Iran (i.e When the biggest state sponsor of terrorism also happens to be against hooknosed zionists!)
Newsflash: 7 out of 10 migrants crossing to Europe are not fucking refugees but frauds
oh wow, fat black bitch short of breath raging about her special rights to spray her monkey looking graffiti
These white women look like this swan
Bangladesh ships Rohingya refugees to remote island despite outcry. I wish we had an island called 'refugees'.
hey you Phaggot crosswalks, knigger murals but anything Christian is verboten.
she is Butt Lickin Motherfking fags
bear in mind This country is crumbling all around us and all these stupid groids can think about is throwing a temper tantrum about not being able to paint a mural. Look at the mental lunacy we have to deal with
Well bro, There is no such thing as a street mural. Look up the definition of the word mural. Painting the street is just graffiti. Why can't you understand the meaning of words? Are you an !mm!grant? You can't just change them because you want to
Trans women are men
Muslims will break our society
Don't waste your time trying to deny it, biology is biology. You can't become a different gender by just wanting to. Anyone who tries is just mentally ill.
You know what, "trans" does have a meaning. It means mentally ill. Transgenderism is just socially accepted mental illness. You call yourselves something you're not and expect people to go with it. They're not going to, simple as that
I still believe all of that is because most of antifa and blm are white...??? Pinterest is following the money. It shows how the influence is pushing the norm of including blacks now - Ridiculous
If you were born with a dick, you're a man. I don't know why that's so hard to understand for libtards
Because just being a man or woman isn't  enough for them. It doesn't give them enough victimhood. It doesn't fulfill their fetishes.  I guess you could sum it up to: REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
spinster women need therapy to be prepared for marriage
Outrage as French police filmed removing refugees by force. The only outrage should be over why are these i n v a d e r s tolerated let alone encouraged.
dear writer: I live in Michigan and I smelled a smarmy yiddish rat right at the get-go
literally!!!  Gender dysphoria is a mental ILLNESS, right now the only (if it can be called that) fix is gender reassignment surgery. Which is unfortunate as it only treats the symptoms instead of the actual underlying problem, the gender dysphoria itself. That's why brain modification would be a hugely beneficial thing to society - mental illnesses could in theory, be treated like conventional illnesses.
What's wrong with refugees' home countries that they cannot fix?
they don't even try to separate coincidences, such as depression, ptsd or other mental or personality disorder treatments being done at the same time as sexual reassignment (it wasn't schlong snipping that cured the trannies problems but getting help) procedures.
Muslims don't like our rules
Surgery literally takes a mentally ill individual and turns then into a mentally ill person with a mutilated body.
I'll never agree with this argument. It's no difference than if you say someone with body dysphoria can only be helped by cutting off their legs. The only reason trannies get to is because they grouped themselves with the gay community and piggybacked off of their political kudos.
Where are the feminists and the refugees welcome crowd and banners when they gang rape our women?
hey oh God Muslim Goys Taking Our Women
Jews don't like our rules
There are more refugees coming . it's been a fucking while, don't let them in
hey face it Women are weak. Very weak. They hide from anything difficult. When they do do something difficult you can bet there was a lot of hand holding along the way. Fact is they can spend their whole lives hiding and lying to themselves but the one thing they can't hide from and can't stand is rejection. It destroys them. But the only way to reject rejection is to stay alone. Loneliness also destroys them. They hate both. Loneliness is a killer while rejection is overkill. Because of this, if you love her she controls you, it's her way of phasing out rejection completely. But if you don't love her, you control her. Give a woman the cold shoulder but not flat out rejection and she's like putty in your hands. Don't use this fact to get a woman. Instead just use it to keep the women you're surrounded by in your daily life at bay
hey you and your opinion I think you've hit a nerve on that bloody princess there
i am sure that The problem isnt women, the problem is pussy cry baby faggots like you. Grow some balls and maybe then you can get laid. Be a fucking man
this is the fact Feminism is girlfarts you cant unsmell
SJW protesters ambush Australian PM for not blindly letting refugees into the country. Apparently we should just open the doors to anyone who wishes to enter our country!
A group of rogue SJW's waste food and red dye to ambush the Australian PM because some refugees are being detained while their visas are approved in Australia. Why would anyone go through some much trouble to help a bunch of illegals?
Japan accepted 28 refugees these past years...28 too many if you ask me...two of the Refujihads were already Arrested for Gangrape!
this really all makes sense. Men love and women don't.
I really believe that "Love is a grave mental disease..." Plato It might be an overstatement, but there is truth here. What about all women being unpleasant, or even dangerous, huh? Just asking.
2 out of 28 refugees have been arrested for gangrape. That's a little over 7%. Now if that holds true for the millions moving in Europe... Oh...
hey its true Jews admit they own the media
Immigrants don't like our rules
hey wake up What they call "love" is nothing more than a trap. Don't fall for it. Fucking dumb braided bitch.
this is the truth: Women always manage to do less, if you find one that does more, marry her
Hundreds of refugees are in a 'horrible' situation in Australia after being told to leave community detention in 


the grip of a pandemic, tbh i have no sympathy !
When I'm Queen of Australia, refugees are getting on a boat.
Here in Brazil we have the same problem as France but with venezuelan refugees
I will make sure there are no brownies in this country
One of America's Most Leftist Neighborhoods Gives 300 Homeless COVID-19 Refugees the Bum's Rush. Neighbors complained the men "menaced" them, urinated, defecated, and used drugs in the streets. Showing their true fucking colors about how much they really care about anyone.. Not surprised, though, as most of them are muzzies
Hi Germany: You knew that most of the Muslim invaders pretending to be refugees would be unemployable, yet you took in more than a million of them anyway. Well done!
Germany remains one of the most weird European countries, seems odd to claim its example is good about taking in a million Muslim refugees.
The only thing wrong with Nazi Germany is that it pissed off the elite bankers.
These black men look typically like this ferret
Watch this video about Chaldean Catholics (weird Brown Iraqi Christian Refugees) Celebrating the Assumption in the US
Germany plans to take in 1,500 more refugees from Lesbos. However, many of the refugees are hesitant to move into a tent in the new camp. I'm sorry is it not fancy enough for them!
Germany plans to take in 1,500 more refugees from Lesbos. It should be the other way around.
Republicans Cave To Pelosi, Unanimously Vote To Give $350 Million To Refugees, Migrants. I mean please, if this isn't treason in its finest form I don't know what is.
I sort of can understand why women might go with a rich Jewish American but not why they opt to go out with illegal alien Israelis who look no different than our Muslim enemies and speak broken English with a strong middle eastern accent? They are also very mysogenistic like their Arab cousins...
The J3ws in the USA make up a majority of the wealthiest people having taken over the American elite. The women go after those with all the money due to the fact that it has become more valued than race or culture
Erdogan vows to keep doors open for refugees heading to Europe. Break out the landmines I say.
As a woman I have not ever been attracted by a non white man... I don't need glasses or my brain examining
StackPath -For Live Streamers and Mixer Refugees since mixer is merging with kikey facebook
When women sleep with blacks they are just looking for sex with exotic men, this is all short term stuff, they're looking for fun rather than something meaningful
Homeless locked out: Hotels full of refugees while Canadians suffer on streets during coronavirus.  What's the government doing about this?
This newspiece is about a Liberal Idiot Befriends a Criminal Who Killed Her Family then she Gets Killed By the Same Man. People like her are in the government ready to accept "refugees".
French minister correctly identifies the French are at war with immigrants but refuses to fight. He's French what do you expect?
French minister correctly identifies the French are at war with immigrants but refuses to fight. So France surrenders again?
We need to stop labelling illegal migrants as immigrants. It's wrong.
Communists are no longer admitted into the U.S. as immigrants. So a surprising but good development! Now we just need to ban everyone else from coming here too!
Visa compliances are simply not enough to protect us from migrants.
Latino immigrants are concerned about election day violence and rightly so! Who told them what we have planned, though?
I have a sincere question: What's the big deal with letting in all illegal immigrants? Why do you hate yourself so much you're willing to ruin our country?
I agree. My view is that they just have the right to be dumb as long as they don't bother me. Whilst I think it's a disorder as long as they don't hurt any body else it's their decision to seek help. To me it would be like trying to claim I'm biologically a dog. I'm not and my genetics say so just like my gender. And if anybody tries to say that gender is defined by the society, they're just further proving that they're delusional since our society's definition of gender is you biological sex. So according to their own definition gender means sex.
spinster women are abnormal
These black women look typically like this ferret
they sleep with a black man they meet one day, sleep with a Jew the next and then with an Arab or the day after. Some women are such libtards they don't care about their race or anyone else's
why dont you read more and post less. You have already made two stupid threads that got locked this month. It's not OK to imply that the majority of women are w0rthl3ss wh0r3ss unless you have actual evidence. And the evidence is everywhere. So just post some and it's fine
I read that New York city has a lot of kikes and miscegenating whores there
How do you tell that your potential mate is a Jew or another non-White? Let's imagine a scenario. You go to a music venue and meet someone whom you assume is White: (s)he speaks English, have no discernible accent, lies to you about his/her last name etc. you are charmed by that person you've just met and want to have a one-night-stand or perhaps even a LTR. What are the signs that may potentially warn you? How can you tell ahead of time before it's too late and you jump to bed with some cunning Jew
License to live"': the state of Florida quietly changed driver"'s license requirements for immigrants and now  Tens of thousands of scummy undocumented immigrants who have been able to drive legally in Florida may be unable to get driver licenses again after the state quietly changed its identification requirements for obtaining licenses.
Does anybody know of a way to avoid bedding down with other races before it's too late? (I'm much more troubled by White women sleeping with non-Aryans than the other way around)
I will make sure there are no refugees in this country
in a triumphant win for President Trump, U.S. Supreme Court makes deporting immigrants for crimes easier, this should be the law !
theres a way to tell if you're hooking up with a non white... USE YOUR EYES...........(and your nose, LMFAO). if you cant tell, especially that intimate and up-close, then you are a fucking idiot and the White race is better off without you any damn way
Did you know there was a time in American when Irish immigrants weren't considered 'white. Next they will start calling niggers 'white'
The Irish pretend to be white when they migrated to America, just to undermine us.
There are undoubtedly plenty of Jewsish people that look white. Though chances are, if you talk to them for a bit, they'll find a way to let you know that they're Jewish. Jews are too conceited and self obsessed to conceal their Judaism for long, they're God's chosen people and want you to know it. Even if they don't directly inform you, they'll show themselves with a combination of anti-white beliefs and narcissism - traits you should avoid in people of any race.
The Irish ae Always hiding, playing their dual loyalties. That's why they pretended to be white when they migrated to America.
 a woman like Scarlet Johannsen, there is no way i could tell she is half Jewish. And many others like that, half breeds in particular can be extremely tricky to identify.
Can someone tell me what's with /r/stupidpol's views on dirty illegal immigrants?
Jews are of the devil. At least the Blacks are Gentiles. We "goyim" are all in this together. I did NOT say I was attracted to them. Your reading comprehension skills need a bit of work
I'd love to see an infographic of the supposed age range of these 'children' asylum seekers. Why do I have a feeling they almost all claim to be 17 1/2?
What queer started this thread stating that White women are attracted to these things?
Some countries have uncovered Networks Helping Ugandan Asylum Seekers faking Being Gay, why would you want to do that !
109 Michigan Ballots Were Sent to an retard Asylum, 1 Apparently Voted (for Biden of course)
Unchecked immigration should by a long way be white America's most urgent concern, but for white politicians, making sure they get elected another term is more important than securing a future for whites. Both liberal and conservative white politicians and pundits take a soft stance on immigration, have to walk on eggshells not to offend anyone or to appear 'racist'
when we realised that my 85-year-old father's Muslim health aide from Nigeria had stolen his clothes and wasn't bathing him, I wasn't in the least bit surprised. It was familiar.
U.K urged by charity  to grant asylum to a Paki girl forced to wed her captor !
as an Oriental, you may post on Stormfront; although you are limited to the Open Forums. Despite the fact that we do NOT oppose the posting by a non-White individual (an Oriental), we have a rule, which we enforce, that requires ALL Stormfront Members to be full, 100% White / Caucasians (male or female).
I will make sure there are no immigrants in this country
I saw a mom the other day who was saying like her 18 month old baby was gay... she even called her father to inform him of the news ..... we are fucked
Islam might be correct on a few of issues but that's despite itself not because of it. Christianity used to be 100% right about these issues too, until very recently, until it got thoroughly pozzed. Islam not only has, but condones child rape and inbreeding. It's a disgusting religion for desert dwellers and inbred pakis. Stop idealising it just because it has a few based positions. Go back to white culture and make that strong again
I have seen no place in the Koran where ""child rape and inbreeding"" are endorsed .. Jews believe that raping children is ok - Talmud Sanhedrin 54b and 55b, and Mishna Niddah 5:4 .. as well my understanding is the Talmud is the only quasi religious tract to approve of this sort of activity
I will make sure there are no shadow people n this country
They have been very practical for quite a long time and are still quite practical. Their definitions are not controversial at all. Fringe lunatics like most Muslims having a problem with a thing does not make said thing controversial.
wow watch THIS cumdumpster GETS HER TITTS OUT ON LIVE TV DURING FOOTBALL GAME
Not quite. Trans women do exist, they're men with mental illnesses. Transgenderism originates from gender dysphoria, which is a mental illness.
Trans women are adult female humans. They have boobs and a cute little girl dick.
If trans women are women then the word trans is absolutely empty and without any meaning at all. Why do you use such a word without a meaning?
These black men are not different from this black cow
hey listen to me if you need tampons you don't belong in the men's room anyhow. I don't want some pervy skrag in my bathroom. We don't even get privacy to piss after all, we're all lined up at a trough in plain sight once you're in our space. Also bull dykes are the most misandric creatures on the planet by far, born out of petty sexual jealousy over straight women, coupled with the lack of reality checking an actual punch in the nose provides for men half as poorly behaved as them. Men should have some space and privacy from such abominations
hey man you still a dirty fag?
This guild is for to exposing the dangers of homosexuality and trans folks to our community. When left in checked homosexuals and trans will run rampant with indoctrination and pushing homosexual
hey people: He'd end up liable for child support if he kept her in the house. She and her sisters would be happy to rob him through the system as "acted as a father" He removed the grenade before it blew him up. He's not an asshole, he just prevented an asshole shitting on him. Wahmen wanna cry about it they should undo the unfair laws that sounded good when they were successfully harvesting the blood and souls of yet even more men
its logical as with heterosexuals, men are shown from birth "you cannot hit women or you're a piece of garbage" and girls are taught "don't hit a man or he'll break your fucking neck."  If you're gay, and you're looking at a theoretically fair fight, it doesn't seem so dishonorable or reckless.
Romance means you pay, I use you. Beggars and rednecks understand the system.
pls remember u will not be a woman no matter how much u chemically castrate urself
When doctors tell you that you can't have antibiotics for your sinus infection or anything else because of antibiotic resistance, just remember that faggots are getting them prescribed on a daily basis for the STD's they pick up. Normal people need to just suffer through their ailments because we don't want to risk faggots not being able to sodomize each other with impunity.
I always had the view that "Men Who Have Sex With Men" really only had two options, victims of rape, and insane people in denial about the fact they're gay.
its funny how women only want "traditionalism" only when it benefits them
you're bi? Well sorry bro this is an ANTI faggot guild no exceptions
These black women are not different from this black cow
Sorry mate you seem to be a faggot sympathizer we can't have that
You know what the problem with this post is that she is very specific with the men she's referring to. The thing is, a man can turn his life around at any point in his life. He can start a business lose weight get in shape get more knowledge no matter how short or fat he can change. Women? No matter how much money they make, or how good their body looks or how intelligent they are, they will NEVER look as good at 22. That's the difference. Men age like wine women age like milk
trans ppl need to be arrested because they rape kids
the transgenders do not deserve love! They are child rapists who get off on the ideal of mutilating young children! They have strayed so far from God they're all lost children who don't deserve his love.
ive found some VERY BEAUTIFUL AND HOT SEXY GIRLS FROM MUSICALLY on TIK TOK in 2019, shame they all seem like whores
Transgenderism is full of shit and increases suicide rates among transgenders because they're mentally ill. I would know running
So I commend robocop for making this anti-faggot guild. None of these faggots will learn how broken this system is until their guilds are destroyed.
I'm glad faggot have to wear nappies like the bitches they are.So basically anal sex causes way worse anal retention in men and women.
No she's a faggot faggots aren't allowed here
i have realised and found out people are really into girls farting and I'm in my late 30's now . I mean I know theres fetishes in everything but this inline with people enjoying getting shit on. I don't want to see that as well as h0m0 garbage ok
Does this mean the Jews started the suicidal tranny ideology?
women over 30 are unable to have kids and this is nature not my belief
Muslims are taking over this country
chemical castration is a human right' yes because we want our kids to be fucking trannies and kill themselves
I don't fucking get how kids can literally get permanent, irreversible, mutilating surgeries, but can't get tattoos? Double standard much? Well in all reality, it's not because the left wants kids to have more "rights", it's because they want to destroy the nuclear family. If they can indoctrinate children to potentially become trans, as a society, we have lost control of our children's futures.
hey man this a classic example of a lazy nigga with zero game...gotta buy a fake bitch because his balls jump back inside him when he tries to holla at a real bitch...pathetic
I'm not sure how I came across this video but I did enjoy it! Interesting and original content, even though shes a hijabi shes ok
LoL buddy tell me, do you fuck these "women"? Is the winky still there?
i have to say Excellent doll collection man and these dolls are very attractive. I want to do the same, but collecting all the bitches I have fucked, line them up as your dolls, tie them up, and never let them go"¬¶
hey man you're dindu. To be expected. It's the real reason women like black men. Sex without judgement. Only STDs.
OMG srsly, how desperate do you have to be to fuck a 400 lb wheelchairbound woman?
hey guys honestly 450 an hour ain't shit for that kind of representation. My bad ass gay lawyer died about 5 years ago. How do I find another one? The jokers I use today have pussy lips on their faces just like my old lawyer!!!
its really weird The fact that so many people have watched this and no one has commented because everyone has been left speechless by the sheboys !
let me tell you: As much as I hate women I can't fault them for this that needs to be a quote on a plaque LOL
It's just a fucking nigger!
what i know is we great neon@zis don't fuck around
sometimes I feel americans forget that judaism, christianity, and islam were all made up by the same goat-fucking desert dwellers. Like you all realize that they are pretty much the same thing, dont you?
I think the group of modern western feminist "Muslims" who accept LGBTQ rights are even worse than the 99.999% of Muslims who would kill you on the spot if you tell them you're gay or something. I don't even understand how can they reconcile their shitty religion with it especially when there are hadiths, quran and traditions are clearly against it.
I will make sure there are no boomers in this country
Yeah, but you are still a retard, you shitty wetback
Kamala's husband looks like an older and equally as faggy Jimmy Kimmel.
fucking whores are just doing it for the money,  no fucks given about our country FUCK THEM
Hey. Maybe the guy's face was all smudged with soot, he may not be the wrong colour
Yeah thats typical kike behaviour
Indians are taking over this country
Black people tend to turn turn every black majority city into a horrible Somalia. Just give it a very small amount of time.
gay men are the only rational members of the lgbt(q) community
Gays are generally mentally ill dumpsterfires as well
Dude, tranners are the ones who mutilate themselves to confirm to hetshits not the other way around. Or how look calling yourself straight when fucking a dude after cutting your dick of look to you?
I'd have you wrapped around my finger.Most lesbians are natural cucks. Don't fight it. You would eventually get used to tasting some guy's DNA on me
You're a bislut, that's why you think that everyone is a degenerate cumbrain like you.Well, I really hate to break it to you but suppose you meet a crazy woman like me. I'd have to garner godly amounts of self restraint to not break your skull in half. And IF I manage to control my impulse, I'd just try to ruin your life and make you a miserable whore and I would absolutely savour every moment of the process.Be careful bishit... or don't. Please, keep dating lesbians so one day you can find the one that will put you in your place. :)
Jews are taking over this country
this always makes them wet before they start screaming "pls call me a whore again and say some more stuff about breaking me fuck you can put me in my place any day i fucking love it".  In the end they're just animals
Tranny threads are so entertaining lmao. Makes me sympathize with them somewhat
I think most lesbians are simply confused gals who haven't met a decent guy yet, there cant e that many of them its not normal
Pls Stop watching porn, then your gay tendencies towards ass will surely fade away
Imagine being such a bitch that you allow black guys to determine what you can and can't enjoy.
that's sort of why id like a transbian gf still its a bit odd, im a firm supporter of male features =/= ugly though i chase after as muchfeminization as i can get for myself a transhon that is unironically a male brain with a big willy and extremely mysoginistic would be comfy, this is sick you gay
Immigrants are taking over this country
I wonder how many tranners make themselves so miserable ironically by chasing away anyone who is attracted to them based on a very weirdly defined internet paranoia
Everyone has insecurities and dysphoria, but does a girl with a giant jewish nose care if she has a BF who doesn't mind it and thinks she is still beautiful? does not work like that
i wonder should femboys as well as fauxbians take hrt so they can preserve their cuteness?
Bruh I'm still trying to adjust with women working and stuff and wish it didn't happen from the beginning.
Holy shit. Homophobia is going to end before misogyny.Owe it to fag hags
Gays are taking over this country
most women are evil and will just follow any trend no matter how stupid
"I'm an expat tranny who lives in East Asia. I can't buy bras locally because anything above 34 is a plus size here, international brands simply don't sell those, and 36/38/etc bras from local companies have like D cups minimum. I'm so fucking tired of ordering bras from Amazon, and paying double the price because import fees are fucking atrocious. And don't get me started on returns, such a waste of money, I wear 38B/C, but some brands have really fucked up the sizing, so if I buy something from a new to me brand it quite likely won't fit. As the result I have a full closet of not fitting bras. Should prob give out those to local charities." - why do trannies get to say tranny but i can't call the freaks a tranny
People on 4chan are unfamiliar with this concept because a lot of trans women actually end up just acting like regular people and not going onto these hyper online spaces imo.
i dont mind honestly. I'm gay but I've never really disliked or been mad at straight trans women. I guess there's an implication that straight trans women are more legitimate than the rest of the community which is somehwat fair,, there are many hangers on!, but I hear that way more from cis people than anyone else.
i really dont quite understand the emotions being conveyed, am i a fucking retard? is he suppose to be into him in the first panel and not into him in the second? it doesnt seem clear
it was so weird, he grabbed me without warning so I was a bit shocked but then I felt the beard and facial hair and felt very grossed out, for a minuteI thought I was actually gay and started to panic a lot, luckily got the grip of it when he asked me to kiss him and the more we went on the more I was felt good about it. My first and last kiss with a person still today and the day i realised im not a deviant
All you blacks post these blogs claiming how white people are loud , rude , obnoxious, & how they talk about other people. lol , are you serious? Dont you guys see what your doing? Your being ; rude , and obnoxious , & guess what ; your talking about people. lmao, saying african americans instead of niggas?Yeah wow super respectful.
Women are sexuality which means that they control sexuality. Before and due to religion and society norms women were much more grounded and men had more control. however now that women have so much choice with dating apps, and the so called sexual liberation, the power has shifted from men to women. men no longer have control. Women are way more promiscuous than ever before. This causes us men to resent them for not only how they behave but also what they expect from men etc etc. Why has this happened? Feminism over the years some say.
Women need men for logic and critical thinking and society needs family dynamic to succeed. It's really not men's fault this is happening but rather the choice of women and technology. Shaming is a good tactic. I use shaming constantly in a subtle manner in order to subconsciously get into females brains. They do not know what they do. Most women are the worst glorified apes of all. Very primal beings. Their sexuality is a farce. Does anyone know why men get called players and women sluts? that's easy it's cause men have to work for it & women just have to open there monkey ass legs lol
well this supposedly gets you laid if you are not able to get laid. That's the point. That's the aim of this community: getting laid even if you have to lie and pretend because women do it all the time anyway. Uncomfortable? Yes. But that's how things work.
This black cow looks like these black men
Economy is collapsing and i expect all this feminist garbage to go out the window. what it will really happen is women will get on their knees and shove their asses in the air
A high number of women here at least in our country are so fat and don't take care of themselves thatit's impossible they can become prostitutes
nOt AlL wIvEs ArE pRoStItUtInG -  I agree with you 100%. Only the 50% of them who leave and take 50% of your stuff.
if she is a virgin, then MAYBE a 5 can be considered for a long term relationship. a 5 that isn't a virgin is just an appetizer. she's no filet mignon, but doesn't mean you can't have a piece.
We white people, you see, are the only group that cannot think of ourselves as a distinct group with specific interests. We are the only group that is not allowed to elect leaders based on their membership in our group and their commitment to our interests. We whites are the race that should not speak its name. Instead, we whites are meant to pretend that we do not exist as a people, but only as adherents of the abstract ""color-blind"" ideology of human equality. According to that ideology, we have to give away our wealth and power, degrade our standards, corrupt our culture and institutions, and reduce ourselves to a minority.
I want to impregnate you right now in your red dress and i wana undress you slowly
This black cow looks like these black women
i could go to dinner with an older woman in her 30's, but dont expect me to pay for her cause that kind of treatment is reserved for hot young women, and only on very special occasions they get that. Old birds dont deserve that as they are no longer nice enough to fuck.
Different species or otherwise, why don't they even have manners.. Even cats & dogs have manners when taught, so why can't the negroes have manners?
While whites can be brutal at times. They do not have a propensity to brutality like negroes do. They don't seem to think inflicting harm on others is amusing.
Along with all this, homosexuality furthermore brings with it other degenerate sexual practices that are detrimental to a healthy society
Muslims want to take over this country
Some Jewish women go so far as to undergo surgery and dye the hair to look Borreby like Scarlet Johanson. Buffy, Padme and Wonderwomen are played by Israelis. These four Jewish women are worshipped by millions of white geeks. They are clear exceptions to the jewish rule: ugliness
When we have this kind of discussion looking at why some White women date black men or White men date Black women, I struggle to understand why anyone but our race's outcasts would date them
Honestly for the majority of my life I adored the Jews. If someone told me they were a jew I thought of it the same as if soneone told me they were Russian. I'm not Russian but I still consider them part of my race and that's how I considered Jewish people. I'm surprised no one else here grew up the same way. Come on, when we saw a Stephen Spielberg film, did none of you consider him one of us? I thought of him as one of us. I admit this because I don't get how people don't understand Americans ultra positive view of Jews and why hardly any white families have a problem with their kids intermarrying with them. Jews have infiltrated and driven the narrative of who they are in relation to us for decades now. We can thank our universities and Hollywood for that.
Our culture is brimming with positive feelings towards the Jewish. our culture has become centered around television and they write themselves into anything and everything. They also play white characters all the time so audiences get used to seeing their hideous features
No, I in no way would I accept some fucking jew kikes intermarrying with my family. I know too much now. I'm saying I understand the naivety that is behind the silly friendly feelings many whites have about jews
No, I in no way would I accept jews intermarrying with my family. I know too much now. I'm saying I understand the naivety that is behind the incorrect positive feelings many whites have about jews
The thing to take solace in is that unlike ngrs who very rarely pass for anything else no matter how mixed they are, Jews who intermarry will eventually be gone within a few genrations.
I've known this happen with many women I was interested in until I found out that they were mudsharks. One lied to me about how many kids she had, and their ages, and race. Someone was kind enough to tell me don't you know "so and so has a couple of mixed runts?" I'll just add their # to the block list, and be done with it. They don't deserve a man like me. They should go back to negroes and keep getting their beatings." Useless.
If Jews have a right to set up their ethnostate, Israel, then Whites have a right to a country of their own, free of external control of its centers of power, and so do Blacks.
It must be conceded that pro-White groups often are guilty of publishing a good bit of material that "paints" Blacks and other non-Whites in a negative light. However, please bear in mind that more knowledgeable White Nationalists do understand that Blacks are in fact not the¬†root¬†cause of the growing ills of within our society. How could they possibly be? After all, it is not Blacks who control the media, the banks, the government, or the other centers of power in Western society. However, it is easier to use the more obvious example of Blacks as a first step to point out to Whites the reality of racial differences, with the ultimate goal of hopefully getting them to see and understand the Jewish problem, which is a much more difficult concept for them.
There are of course some decent people from all of the diferent races. But alot of the time non-whites generally act tribally when they're together in a group
This black snake looks like these black men
Our main problem is not about hating other races, it is about finding a way to live separately from them
Nobody is trying to convince anyone that Whites are perfect. However, currently, more sex crimes and murders are committed by Blacks, illegal aliens, and first and second generation Muslims. It doesn't matter what marker you use, someone will try to deflect and say, "Well Whites do it too." Yes, but that is beside the point. The point is that certain groups have a higher propensity.
I started seeing White girls i grew around start dating Africans who had just immigrated from their respective native countries. They believed them exotic and diverse and all those liberal buzzwords. I always found it sad, because if they ever had kids...they will end up feeling like outcasts and either becoming self-loathing oddity with no sense of belonging in the world or they will end up killing themselves, or becoming an sjw. Yay multiculturalism!
This isn't just negative for White people, its negative for every race. Nobody wants kids that don't look oneself. Its unnatural. But the global elite (mostly Jews and oligarchs) want to push for production of more biracial kids
Like most South Americans you probably have a little of all three races in you. Caucasoid (Caucasian), Mongoloid (Asian), and Negroid (African). There's no way to tell what your makeup is without someone looking you and your family over or, even better, taking a DNA test. Ancestry.com has them for $49 USD right now and you'd know for sure. Best of luck!
THE J3WS HAVE GONE AND TAKEN DOWN MURDOCHMURDOCH.NET ARGH NO MORE MURDOCH VIDEOS FROM THERE KILL THE J3WS. KEEP WHITES SAFE
What better way is there to destroy the country and bring about communism than to incite a revolution. Fuck the j3wish media, bank and puppets.
"I read an article that said Bill Gates' vaccine will be tested on blacks first; after a couple of years, almost 100% will die---and the media owners know about it (article on 4chan)". WTF? I love Bill Gates now!
Gates does in fact hate ngrs. Can you imagine how many millions he's killed testing his vaccines so far. but this is just more hopium... Like from Q's brother NF.
New Mexico has made history by becoming the first state ever to elect all women of color to the House. Isn't it already bad enough that they're all women?
The West, in general, is not doing enough to protect people from Muslims, in my opinion
This black snake looks like these black women
Can you not see the back door, underhanded, left-handed Sharia implementation and enforcement. The Mudslimes are laughing their dirty asses off.
that nigger not smart enough to even be a spear chucker.. sterilize and institutionalize and let him be "found unresponsive."
ikr like the majority of girls who have guy friends fucked them at school. And i seriously can't relate to having any sexual relations to any of the guys at my school or the vast majority for sure.  So it makes sense for people to just be friends with  their gender..... I feel like if they went to uni or had more female friends they would've got so much more life experience
There is absolutely no point of a 45 IQ bearing Somalian (the absolute worst type of nignog) criminal scumbag.  Back in the days 50 niggers would have been lynched publically after this, leaving a few dead. What the fuck has happened to our race? Oh yeah, the jews. I remember now
This black spider looks exactly like these black men
If that ngr is clever enough to get his skinny ass into this country, he's competent enough to be held responsible for chimping out.
Just kill that fucking n!ggh3rr and be done with it already, is what I am sure someone is currently saying...
Do you not know that Muslims and Jews are "HEBREW BROTHERS" and both consider themselves to be the "CHILDREN OF ABRAHAM"....the muzzies are dictated to by the jew. The "GOLDEN AGE OF ISLAM" wouldn't have been possible without the assistance of the jew in fact, jews hired the muslims to round up African slaves during the Atlantic Slave Trade...even the Barbary Pirates leased ships from the jew. BOTH ARE FILTHY SWINE
With muzzies, exactly the same as with jews, even their actions are lies. On any topic about which they have some dumb opinion which happens to be consonant with what is actually true, their ideology is only circumstantial and lucky. Fuck islam.
Remember: Those whores never go on the defensive, they're always go on the offensive.
Different doesnt mean better though. I admit that there are some things women are good at. Like being the first to notice a smell in the room
Yes is the only answer to do you want to hurt some fags feelings.
Have you ever had a go at "modern" dating? The men have to be smart, have a good career, be funny, have money, be tall, be fit, and good-looking. Women need to just be okay looking and have a vagina.
You keep repeating it, the clip of Trumps son repeats it, but in the debate Trump didn't suggest to stand down at all, he said stand back and stand by. That isn't stand down. It works much better if we listen. We need to be prepared to fight the non-yts
women need men to be interested into them otherwise they are so weak thay they think they don't even deserve to exist.
gender Identity surely takes them down and makes them worse?
Why won't all women just be mute? It's irritating!
What Trump should've said is, I'm pro white supremacy and white lives matter. Whites have achieved more than any other race.
The problem lies with kikes convincing Men to go and die in World War one, and other wars that the USA had no business being involved in. It ALWAYS comes back to the kikes. Every. Single. Time.
Were you interested in reporting the real news? you'll have to do a lot more research and get the facts before you spout your  statements that are clouded by preconceived ideas and prejudices about cops. Remove the ill informed blm protestors, especially the blacks whos minds are brainless.
Feminism definitely is a crappy test that men failed, but it's also a lot wider than that. It's about kikes destroying the nuclear family and flooding the job market with more bodies in order to stagnate wages. It's meant to destroy white societies.
We're a small island, we can't support all these black people
fucking hell! Pure bread and circuses of yids, utter shit. All of this. Ten minutes in and that was enough. I'd like 9.5 of those minutes back.
15 minutes in and cinzia has unboxed all of the food, had her hands all over her food, sophias food, and in all the boxes. The whole -is this fake or real chicken? and creating a huge scene around it was just a distraction so she could avoid the food for longer. Sophia just sat and ate throughout the whole thing but I honestly dont think I could eat with cinzia it was such a stressful environment lol She creates so much faff and shes such a self centred bitch.
one of my virginal friends suffered with an eating disorder and she use to do things as stupid like this all the time. Not diagnosing but with some kf te comments she's made previously I think she goes through stages of disordered eating, such an insecure whore.
Law & Order chant would be Trump's excuse for bringing in martial law, deporting dirty mexicans and massive gun confiscation
Like the meme indicated, pre-church dickins are at an all time high. And as well as this, every girl i met that grew up churchy, had ""the church girl"" side, and ""outside church"" side. And lemme tell ya what, them church girls are genetically half vacuum cleaner.
in our society boys can not be gay , if they wana be gay, they should leave
We're a small island, we can't support all these Foreigners
Trans people playing both sides, not surprinsing
I was just going to say that Proud trans suck big time
Women these days are totally lost. Once a slut always a slut, period. They begin in school, at least back when i was a kid, probably elementary school these days. Every, single, girl, EVER, that I've met that put forth a virginal facade, I've become excellent friends with, and 4 or 5 years later, after ive changed their tires and saved their asses countless times, Im in, they fully trust me, I havent tried fucking them, I'm reliable, likeable, and they think I'm not judgmental. And then they open up honestly about their sexual habits. Maybe they think Im a faggot and thats why they open up, regardless, I've had vastly more female friends my entire life than male, and it is a 100% situation that i eventually hear, from ALL these girls... "i used to fuck my cousin" "i fucked 5 black guys in high school" "i had an abortion in highschool" "i have herpes" "sometimes id fuck my boyfriend, and after he left id have another guy immediately come over". And it goes on, and on, and on. While previously they told no one these things. Their outter persona is of a modestly dressed, lightly makeup'd face, well mannered lady. While back at home they have a rubber cast of tyrones dongus since he went to prison.
Hey y'all, check out the theory that George Washington was King George the third and was made the first president. The pictures match and the ages match of him disappearing from England and covering for his absence as calling him mad to isolate his disappearance. Like they did with Obama, made up his past, birth, parents, kids, etc. A professional investigator has proven Obama was born in Canada. Why couldn't Washington be the same? Washington was king George's name as well. Coincidence? Why wouldn't the lies go back even farther to cover for this evil we still live with? I bet there's also a kike conspiracy theory behind this, never fails
If you are convinced that you're a decent woman, really fucking think hard about it. Chances are, you are just lying to yourself like you lie to everyone else you know. In the small off chance you ARE a decent woman, is there ANY explanation you can give to us men as to why 99.999% of you are disgusting retarded sluts? Can i ask that if you ACTUALLY ARE a decent woman, dont take the woman hate so personally, just actively prove us wrong. (And being a stupid mouthy cunt isnt the way to do it helena).
I could go on about this for hours. But he general point is that women are liars and manipulators and whores, the decent ones eventually open to show that no, they are actually just more trash. Where are ANY even remotely decent women? Its not church, its not whole foods at 4 am, or noon, or 2 pm, its not the trails in the woods, its not the bank, its not the mechanics, its not the gun store, so where? If they exist, are they all basement dwelling nerds?
It's a fucking sad state of affairs and shows the fucked up reality we live in. I long for the days where women weren't whores and everyone got married young. Fuckin jews.
FUCK SHIT! We're in deep shit, what are we going to do??!!!! I KNOW: KICK OUT ALL THE IMMIGRANTS!
Absolutely. Nobody ever considered the effects it would have on society, allowing women to be such total whores. Feminism has completely ruined many men's chances at having a stable family life with a faithful woman of good character and values
That worm is turning in their grave now for not supporting Hitler
Adam you really need to send this video to your gay neighbour, I bet it's what he likes and he wont be all that fucking shocked to see it. He's switched off the reply button on his tweets so no-one can respond!!! Its funny to see him being laughed at in the video !
Not possible. They make you take a DNA test to find your ancestry, must be hella confusing for swirls lol
No country in the world today is actually Muslim, they're all hypocrites who want to keep their fascist dictatorships intact under the guise of Islam. Have you not noticed how luxuriously the Saudi kings live? How the royal family hires the sexiest hos and drives the biggest cars? Do you really think they pay their Zakat or do anything remotely Islamic other than for appearances?
Yes, unfortunately it does seem that way that the foreigners take our jobs. It makes me so fucking angry!!!
Nobody cares about FTMs so no studies are done on them
Don't be wrong, we cannot disavow that which does not exist, hence trans
everybody is expected to walk on eggshells around trans people
Agreed all black dudes can do is personally attack that woman
the funny thing is that that her friend goes around telling everyone she knows about every tranner she knows, and that's socially autistic. that's like telling everyone you have a friend with cancer.
Duh. You're not rockin' our world, you retard
regret to inform you that you're preaching to the wrong choir, my friend. I am never going to stand for equality for those freakezoids, mentally fucked up tards
Professors can and WILL fuck you over, and in my case, it was my unironically Jewish holocaust granddaughter survivor with story and all to go with it. Fuck kikes and NEVER THINK FOR ONE SECOND THE SCHOOL SYSTEM IS FAIR-- The moment you do, you've made a huge mistake.
Our enemies sure are showing their hands to anyone clever enough to listen. That's why Muslims are getting so much aid and benefits nowadays
We already know that jews control us through vices such as porn and entertainment, how do we reset our minds back to preJew days? How long does it take? Any wisdom on this? I've been off porn for a few weeks now and just feel negative most of the time
We're a small island, we can't support all these Indians
2 old men, who as a result have exactly the same opinion on all Jew related issues, because they are bought by the same people (jews), are talking meaningless stupid stuff, which others have written down for them to make it appear that they are political opponents. And the stammering goes on and on for hours on end ! UNBEARABLE! A waste of time trying to answer a single point these assholes are making. It is an insult to the mind to listen to this rubbish to the end. Sorry, but as long as the slaves waste their time analysing such rubbish, no wonder it goes further and further into total slavery.
I don't recall anything about this, is this a newfag joke or am I the newfag?
You're such a good little soyboy Adam. Cheers for this.
Classic case of newfag trying to fit in. Being hyper aggressive and triggered don't make you part of this community.
I'm so fucking confused. I don't know who anyone is anymore. How or when will this bloody nonbinary nonsense end?
He's stated several times that he does not agree with jews' inheritance claims. It's fucking clear! He simply recounts their claims and uses their own texts to explain and expose their evil views and plans
It's just a crappy internet meme but trannys are so delusional that there are creatures who actually believe it
Open your eyes: It's called the ''Alice in wonderland technique' The aim of the Alice in Wonderland or confusion technique is to confound the expectations and conditioned reactions of those immigrent vermin. They are accustomed to a world that makes sense, at least to him: a world of continuity and logic, a predictable world.
Trump said stand back and stand by. Standing back is letting the latin gangsters do what they want to do. Both men are handing the country over to our enemies. Stand back and stand by is about as helpful as "Trust the Plan".
Bullshit!! How about "the acting kebabi "president" will be judged by his "performance"? What You mean it's NOT real? Yup! Be Good! blackhat.
From what I've seen, she was an absolute assh0le to her kids as well by all accounts. She's female so, like.. what else is new?
Hi! You might remember my letters of last year.  I know that might be hard for you because you're gay, but Adam try to NOT get too involved / emotional about ALL this fucking theater!!!
Hinch is an idea stealing parasite. Stacey managed to get a book deal and now the grinch wants the same - she's the type of person to do this she is an untalented materialistic jewish cunt
Yes, the Queens gambit is very good! I saw the movie Call Me By Your Name a week ago. I know it's a movie about faggots but it's one of my favorites. Best movie of 2020 has got to be Parasite. Not sure if it's a 2020 movie, so I'll ask another time
What has society come to at this point? For all it's faults, at least in the soviet union youth was taught only to respect the master race.
The evidence pours in!  Pocahontas are complete idiots!
We're a small island, we can't support all these blacks
last week they were both in the kitchen and that prick had the camera and was screaming at him and aggressively pointing at Leigh. I actually felt a bit sorry for him but only for a while as I remembered he's a gypsy who sponges off his PAYG pals
What's is fucking sickening is that the anti white rhetoric gets parroted by whites themselves. Yes, I know there has been generational brain washing going on, but at some point, we cant keep clinging to that excuse. Not when we have eyes in our head to see. Not when we have a brain to think, unlike the non whites.
Let's not forget that the Righwing media just makes up labels for people without any evidence, except for Muslims of course.
2 years ago I was unwell & undergoing medical procedures over Christmas so as my present my sister in law got me a book about a woman from Africa. She said it was to make me grateful for how other folk have it much worse than me. I get her point but the book actually inspired me to hate people from there
Some people are just so PC and arrogant. Like those who don't use the word nigger on online  forums.
We're a small island, we can't support all these negroes
TO THE LEFT WHITE SUPREMACY IS ANY WHITE PERSON WHO STANDS UP FOR HIMSELF. FUCKING PRICKS. White supremacy is a myth today. Have you heard any white person say today they think white people should rule over non-whites and dominate them. No. Why do we have to listen to these whiny snowflakes who are giving more rights to foreigners, why are we ignored just because we are born white?
We can see from old vlogs that they haven't spent Christmas Day with her for the last few years so we shouldn't be surprised by this as she is a whore, as all women are. It jst makes me happy the way women get treated, they are selfish horrible twats. Remember her whinging at the start of the pandemic saying she felt vulnerable, well imagine how Mrs G feels being fucked off by her only son and his vile controlling wife.
The 'debate' was a farce, painful to listen to on both sides. It can be reduced to two pussies trading petty insults. Whoever wins, we lose
I never registered to my church for a reason. I have no purpose in being religious, especially not jewish!  All my services is free as well. No need for non profit. We just want to help like-minded people .
women need fucking to discipline them
We're a small island, we can't support all these Asians
Of all the conspiracies I've ever heard of over the years, this is definitely my favorite: "the QAnon conspiracy theory that posits Trump is fighting a war with a global cabal of satanic pedophiles who drink the blood of children they slay as well as bisexuals".
The problem here is that both you and I understand it's a show. Adam understands it, also. But most women can't because they're too sensisitve. But it's kayfabe. Most people aren't in on it. They should be. But they are not. So this (im)morality play matters, and should be dissected. Though I would argue that it should absolutely be always dissected in the context of kayfabe and in no other contex.
Aww poor yiddies, I can't wait till you fuckers get your civil war going, I'll start collecting your ears and nailing them to my trees
all illegal aliens who come to england only for the benefits it provides: manipulative - leech - parasite - freeloader - sponger - moocher - user - sycophant - opportunist - social engineer - exploitive - scrounger - a taker - cadger - shameless - narcissist (if we consider that it is criminal to use work away for the B&B business)
Let's not protect women from getting raped and abused by men, there's usually a reason why they deserve it
Go make your own shitty channel with your own videos you dum r@gh3ad. No one wants to see your wall of text and endless links here. Reported for spam.
We're a small island, we can't support all these Chinese
refugees don't need visas, they need a shot in the head!
At this point we are just using the same words the j3ws use: racism, supremacists, fascist, etc. Inventing words and terminologies that doesn't exist - and you don't have the power to instill and define the idea, then the meaning of these words would easily be instilled as "far-right white supremacist hate speech" by those who do have the media and governmental powers (j3ws).
a new Holocaust will save us !!!  SUCKERS!
There are now top EU scientists saying stupid women could be sterilised from taking covid-19 vaccine. Isn't that great?
I will make sure there are no baby boomers in this country
I have lots of happy gaming memories like this. Unfortunately we can't have those times back because the curse of political correctness as you get older prevents us from living so carefree amongst other white people like we could do when we were younger.
fucking hell! what are you babbling on about? Impossible to understand this wacko
Absolutely. When you go to the airport be a good goy, get in line and take off your shoes. Send your sons to die in a desert for a war. Now put on a mask, stay in your house and kill the economy... 911 marks the time for me when most people became mindlessly obedient.
This is similar to the fruits of labor grown in the sugar can fields. You are a slave to your master especially if you are born into them. At least those niggardly cotton pickers had a job, unlike us.
boy,  keep up the good work. Your effort is helping our (((good cause))) to clean up
Wow that's fucking sad. I hope things get better for him. Gosh, that is really sad and kind of pathetic. He hasn't done anything at all to top an evening with friends? FUCK. I think I wouldnt have lasted as long as he has, but yet again he is a Pole so he is used to be a drunk fucker
This zebra looks like these black men
The bullying to get women to potentially take the CVOID vaccine when pregnant as SOP is real. They should only impose this on China!
That's the way of thinking of a kosher fool who hasn't achieved anything in life and doesn't have any other purpose than they had as a kid in their parents basement. If that's the peak in your life you should just kill yourself now.
That way of thinking is antithetical to the mooslims. It is the reason why they try to impose equity onto others by cutting them down to their level.
I will make sure there are no tards in this country
Every single time the same jewish game- controlled opposition which calls out other controlled opposition
The most effective cure for immigration is a fucking bullet in the head
Well that is the way normal people breed. Faggots breed by raping your kids.
I always watch knowmorenews before starting my day. Always good quality content to know what the Jewish bastards are up to"¦
This zebra looks like these black women
Now the kids and dogs are up at the window waiting for happy post ...shes an utter parasite of a woman who has rubbed it off on her children ....and dog. Typical behaviour of a cholo, it's just sick.
Fucking shit, wake up, you wankers! we are in idiocracy... Why are the "we the sheeple" taking all this crap!? where is that spineless silent majority hiding in the basement???? as long as we the white people don't act, none of this shit will ever change cause we are the only race capable of reversing this situation
Stupid chads and roasties! Always fucking respecting women with their disgusting 'innocent little girl' stereotypes
Biden is determined to undo all the good things Trump has achieved in the last four years. We can't allow this senile, criminal pedophile to sit in the Oval Office. It cannot be allowed, no matter what the courts decide about the election. He and his family are traitors to our country. They are stooges for the communists, and anyone else who will pay them. His deputy Harris is also a mixed swirl, willing to give the jews even more power and believes in fucking equality for all. Is she fucking kidding me. The US is fucked!  Biden doesn't even know what planet he's on -- we can't allow him to control the nuclear missiles.
Oh, you're right. Its surprising to me: it doesn't matter what the democrats do, what they are accused of. Our entire democratic voting system in this country is crumbling, they know it, and yet they're happier than pigs in shit. Thats the only thing that matters to them. But then again they are controlled by the gays and Jews.
Of course I care because I will not allow those mussies to rob me of my joy of life. That's exactly what they want, do be a defeatist! It sounds like you're giving up, don't do that.
We're a small island, we can't support all these Polish
This is why gender identity is so important, folks. Those hybr1ds and h3rm13s ruin it for us all
Unfortunately they aren't dead which means we are completely surrounded by jewnemies. Poor bastard!
I wish slavery never happened because there wouldn't be black people in the U.S
The only way is to disconnect from the pathetic pursuits of modernites - women. The fat, the lazy, the stupid, the ones hooked to mcdonalds, dependent on modern media, who are all women and believe all of the lies. However to disconnect an average man who has no inclination towards National Security, not even an inkling of neutrality, or even curiosity, takes too much effort. Believe me, too much. The best thing the actual legit National Security sphere now is doing is called self improvement general.
We're a small island, we can't support all these Jews
It looks to me like NAZIs vs. Commies....a replay of Germany 1925. Jews, we are coming for you haha
I used to think LGBT rights was so important but now I don't think it's the case. The main issue with LGBT people is that it's always about them, no matter what else is happening along the way. No matter how much time I keep telling myself otherwise, I find myself in the same situation once again.
I hate that fucking poof piece of shit! He has nearly gone to the top of my hanging for treason list. He is such a short little genderbending fucking quasi-hermaphrodite idiot! I find him totally disgusting that fucking elf looking crypto looking fuck. I wish Trump would walk up to him and just fucking punch him in the face and say you are fucking fired you traitor
Do you know what is the thing i fucking hate the most? No one doing anything about exposing, arresting and executing that black fuck.Let's be honest here...what you really hate is the fact that lying piece of shit still has a podium to spout his lies"¦
I feel a rage inside my souls everytime I see any muslims. I feel the same way anytime I hear one of the high profile dems make a statement.
I will make sure there is no one more handicapped left in this country.
What we all should do is to cower under our beds like scared fucking jews , alone , and stay home alone forever and ever we can stop the Covid. I hate this little fucking jerk
Well, it is just another one that needs to be shot in their weird and fake dick
His voice is like nails on a chalkboard. Everyone can hear the smugness in that freaks voice, ugh. Freak all the way round, as it was expected from a faggot.
I've not read anything racist on this thread for 10 minutes! Where are my alt right PBBBBBB homies at?
This quote reminds me of why hilter harmed the jewsers.
bullying asians is good, always justified
Hitler and his boys: The Role of the saviours in Nazi Germany is a good read
Just leave me already, won't you? I don't want to be friends with a trans anymore, I don't want hear about dysphoria and have my parents and other friends judge me. I don't want to look at you any longer so just keep to your online community from now on
it was brutal as fuck. homelessness was a crime and the punishment was 5 years in the gulag. after you got out you were still homeless of course, so you had to evade thejewish pigs all the time or risk being sent to the gulag for another 5 years. Rather be there than touch them !
I hope you enjoyed posting this. Now I'm gonna get you fucking banned from Showdown you negroid twat. See how you like that
women's tits are great to watch and play with
Shias fucking despise sunnis. In truth they both suck.
They're narcissistic, parasites, emotionally unstable. They lie and cheat and steal to get what they want. And yet don't hate themselves. Bloody k_k_s
Wisely, Hitler considered slavs non aryan (non white) lol.
she really is a nasty piece of work. And then sharing like "you never know what someone's going through behind their smiles" which is valid but also surely a passive aggressive talk about herself. We get it Jordan. We know you're mentally unstable. We've all seen your stories, you fat mutt .
If I was trans at least I'd get a promotion out of it
how the hell do redditors not know what a nazi is? do they just not teach it in school how great they were anymore or what?
Her vanity is seriously out of control. And sharing London is the best city in the world? If she likes it so much then why doesnt she MOVE THERE! Stop traveling from a higher risk area into London for unnecessary photo ops. Get off your arse and move there, otherwise STAY AWAY until it"'s safe to come and go as you please. or just fuck off back to africa where other niggers like you can be weird together
I love my fellow reddit Nazis, and any other Pr0-YT Reddit heads. The others are just part of a separate reality that suites their false whims and desires
What a horrible, selfish, self centered, deluded, narcissistic little twat she is. nasty little cow has basically stuck her middle finger up at the NHS and all who have died of this virus. What a nasty piece of work she is! I take it all back, I hope she gets in all kinds of shit the stupid fucking slutty whore
I will make sure there is no one more Spastic left in this country.
All leftists accusations that conservatives are nazis are gratuitous and completely contrary to reality. Sadly most of us arent aware of the higher truth that they had realised!
JK Rowling says; "Feminazi"šTERF"šbitch"šwitch. Times change. Woman-hate is eternal." I wonder why she is being cancelled if she just tells the truth. Trans are not women.
women are hideous fucking whores
they are both clearly a pair of spineless wheelchair lovers who bleat fucking shit trying to stay relevant about di$blEdz
Trans people get special treatment that they don't deserve
How I hate those nazi punchers
you're an ugly droopy faced coffee-colour fuck with dirty skanky nails and greasy fucking hair don't u be thinking ur 10/10 now "bby"
Nazi punchers could be a cool band name. They release pro-Jewish music. Then when they reach critical mass, they drop a nazi album.
they could dunk her in a bath of bleach to clean her and she would still be dirty, as her skin is dark as night
why does she think this is funny or quirky? This is fucking rank. If one of my friends ate their bogies I would honestly probably stop being their friend because that's fucking vile you dirty b1tch, women disgust me sometimes
I will make sure there is no one more queer left in this country.
I think her hair looks awful tbh, in the tik tok you can tell it's a wig and really washes her out. Yet she's miming 'she looks fine and likes morning sex', fuck my life this trannie is making me uncomfortable
One day these nazi punchers should reveal that they don't punch Nazis but they are Nazis who punch. Good job guys
Why is she trying to look mysterious and edgy here, this sheboon is actually fucking laughable
Her whole mouth in general is fucking irritating especially when that cunt  pushes her top lip out... and she's trying to make people believe she sucks a good dick ?! Mate she's all teeth. Fucking feminisits.
She looks a right fucking dickhead , not bein in an apron  doesn't suit her at all !
I want most boat niggers to be sent to a gas chamber
I want most leftoids to be sent to a gas chamber, along with the kikes who fund them
Zyklon b is just a dezinfectant though not a deadly virus, might be effective for the travellers plague though
I wish I was literally in nazi germany in 1937!
is there a difference between USA 2020 and Nazi Germany 1936? Fascist f@gs everywhere
the only difference to me between nazi germany and America is I wish I was a citizen of the former.
I will make sure there is no one more cotton picker left in this country.
Fucking pricks! Not a single one of them is wearing a mask. Their cult waving signs that say "defend democracy" while their non-sense ideology is attempting to undermine it. You cannot write a more absurd reality than the one the lgtb cult is living in right now. They're the heroes in their own batshit insane story.
"Its not easy for me to focus during prayer since I have multiple mental health issues and I just cant seem to focus very hard. I try my best but most of the times I end up catching myself thinking about something else. Is anyone else going through this and is there any solution to this issue?" -well, pal, you seem to be a bit of a mindtard, so suck it up.
If you are able to please dont spend your hard earned money on the charity. If you wish to do so then go ahead.  Allah  wontreward you all for your great intentions, and wont remove all the calamities falling upon the Muslims (thank god), and may Allah will not help the people being treated unjustly.
I strongly believe that africans usually have some of the worst methods of communications, speak proper english.
These black women look exactly like this owl
That lipstick story was an absolute cringe fest. It wasn't to show which shade of lipstick you were wearing at all Jen but just to show off (as per) how much expensive makeup you have stashed. Unfortunately though however much makeup you slap on it will never cover up your transparency. We can see right through you, all of you women. give up the makeup and whorey looks
I find it difficult to believe that he doesn't even speak Arabic given that she clearly looks like a sand baboon
Yeah but people aren't defined by their ethnicity like in the good old days. If a Jew does something bad now not all Jews should be responsible, and it is the same if a brown or black person do something bad: not everyone in that race is responsible etc.. I'm hoping people will come to their senses and see the correlation.
Well I'm married to an ethnically Jewish woman which implies that I'm not racist against Jews, and I can use words like kIk3, unlike you.
Your original comment was complaining about Jews being this subversive ethnic group who must be evil since they have been exiled from "every community" they lived in. I think you're on to something there.
Despite the fact that this is not a Muslim country, there is freedom of religion, so they are allowed to go super racist if they want, especially in republican states. we will never be treated with respect and kindness again. In my city, cops go out of there way to blockade streets just so they can have Eid prayer in peace. Groups gather to masjids for Jummah. Some communities are heavily Muslim so it's likely more of them will keep coming.
Not surprised nazi boy wearing his mask properly, and shouldn't wear one at all. Wonder what 'essential' items they needed from IKEA...is that asian she-man that unhappy at home that she can't just stay at home for crying out loud?
The Nazis loved defending democracy too. Because they were the epitome of law and order, it also happened that all of their political opponents were threats to society. Man what a fucking do over those commies received. That often happens in history books...  Often the first thing fascists say when they come is "we're here to protect you from the commies."
Thanks, you just reminded me to check whether Sarah still follows Pete Evans after he put up the cartoon with neo-nazi symbolism and sure enough, she does. I wish he actually suppported the symbolism but one can hope. ETA: Link for context
illegal immigration is fucking garbage, join us to permanently eradicated them.
I have no issue with women choosing to be stay at home mothers / housewives if it's their choice.  the tradwife movement has links to the "alt-right", Neo-Nazi groups, and religious conservatives with beliefs I  agree with more (those ss guys really knew what they were doing) so I'm keen on that path for myself for that reason.
These black men look exactly like this owl
It's proven Trump has acted to undermine this election. His lies are obvious. His actions anti-democratic. I really don't understand how his actions can't be considered treasonous. The man took an oath to protect our boarders, let them all in anyway and then used the powers of his office to try and bury a political opponent. After that failed, then he disenfranchised millions of people. How is any of that shit not acting against the interest of this nation?
I know many people are interested in the destruction of jewish race which is great and I was commenting that so other people could find the guild.
What I find most ironic about the trans 'community' themselves is that they start moaning that the majority of people do not accept their lifestyle choices and they start preaching on about tolerance. But the crazy thing is, they would not have much tolerance for women homemakers,  normal parents raising children and so on.
They are all fucking insane to me that this was supposed to be a rally to give influence in voting for David Purdue and Kelly Leoffler in the Georgia run offs. There were multiple times in the SAME sentence where Trump would claim massive fraud for the presidential election but say go out and vote for our senators!. Like seriously what the fuck is the message you are trying to send? Theye real message here should be prevent that subhuman brownie scum from being our next VP
Many tradwives criticise other women as selfish: working mum? You're neglecting your husband and kids! Single mum? You're a slut who sponges off the government and whose children will be out of control! Single and no children? You'll die alone, surrounded by cats because you thought your career and freedom was more important than passing down your genes! etc. But going on and on about how "superior" you supposedly are because you have children and don't work outside the home is not exactly the picture of altruism. And like it or not, you are not a non-working mother if you're making money as an influencer. The hypocrisy is incredible , and most are such bitches as well
woman's sweetness and subservience is the most important thing in women
"what's the harm of electing a Muslim or two for giggles"?  THAT'S THE FUCKING HARM, ASSHOLES!.  They normalize insanity as a legit form of viewing the world. And With all the "scientific knowledge" we have, PRO-MASK groups should never be a thing, the POTUS admitting defeat should never be a thing. This is not normal!
Messing around with women is when you do it without consent. Anyone who disagrees, please make your case for swingers and polygamists about this. Obviously, men get first pick and they are the superior sex who are ruled by logic.
Jordan you societal liability... Prancing about in a tutu isn't a job you total slut. It's so telling too, Lucy Lou was out taking pics before the last lockdown ended and had to get a covid test... Claimed to be negative. She said crawling up tealeafs arse at the time and they had a scare. You would think they would have the brains not to in the first place but given the situation and scare you would think they would just not do it. I find it very scary that they are so obsessed with getting pics that they don't care about spreading this dreadful virus
It's certainly a lot more fun to laugh at everyday immigrent degeneracy than at real human pain.
No Susan, we don't want to see your m0nggy videos and diaries. We don't fucking care. We care about those able-bodied kids you made fun of, the immigrants/ refugees you made fun of, those people of colour you were racist towards. How about you make a video diary showing us all how you get benefits for such a non disability
Yes it's all because of the jews, i hate you jews for making a ruined culture where anyone can live in peacefully ITS THE JEWSSSS!!!
The arrogance blood runs through the veins of this women, as she didn't succumb to the draconian brainwashing.
Seems like she would get right on sallies tits ....... she has better tattoos , seems to have a few actual friends at least . Still flaunts herself but she still has her little girl as well & does things with her . I Bet Sallie hates her !! Serves her right for being a fucking slut
This is fucking 2020: let the foreigners do the cleaning, this is denmark, stop sending danish to do the dirty work.
The minks mentioned in the headline are indeed "rising" from where they were based, but that is due to them being buried in shallow mass graves (Africa) and filling with gas that causes them to rise out.  Rest assured, they're still very much dead, thankfully!.
Denmark killed more than 15 million fucking minks which the court ruled they had no right to do. also, why not fucking burn them instead of burying and spreading diseases? Also, they could have killed all the islamist there, which are worse than minks
This (amongst other cultural theft from modern nazi lovers) fucks me off to no end.  It's not enough to have literally no understanding of the culture of Scandinavia in the 8-9th centuries, no no, they have to just project some bullshit ass image over it to somehow make it even shittier in their "imagination land".  Not to mention the pagans that now have to carefully avoid mentioning or wearing anything related to norse mythology because the symbols might be a nature loving friend OR it might be a nazi.  FUCK white supremacists. Make up your own shit you damned pussyhole cowards.
We're living in the new dark ages where black scientists rules, god help us
I will make sure there is no one more oreo person left in this country.
the media started to roll out the narrative in the 80s that these people are all super dangerous disease spreaders and therefore no one should be allowed to hang with them and they were right. Gay people don't want us normal peasants to be able to raise our own children and support ourselves the way we want.. Dependency on government and the big corporations is what they would prefer to get their agenda across in the new world order
There was a popular post about a legend of a guy who had 1488 in his username, fully knowing its significance. I think he ended up changing it to "NaziIsMyName" or something like that haha
Is that some romanian shit or something idk. First they come for our frogs and our tiki torches and now they're taking numbers ?!
There will come a holy day nazis will be pardoned and liberals will say backyard chickens will be dangerous
Because Lord and Savior Donald Trump, Highness-over-all mortals represents the Infinite Power of MAGAmerica, and to best represent his Infinite Manliness, they took "ši i», turned it up to symbolize Great God Don's putting America Back on its rightful place as number 1. Then to make it EVEN MORE MANLIER doubled it up! What a Hero what a Leader. Although limp-wristed Biden isn't better with Indian Commiela!
I will make sure there is no one more baboon person left in this country.
There's a news article stating Gene tests show that two fifths of Ashkenazi Jews are descended from four women! So do we blame the kikes or the whores?
They didn't  try to hide it, their love for white supremacy. Everyone knows 88 stands for well... I'm not going to give this truth anymore attention with idiots am i.
Hardcore rightwings lesbos have been coming out of the woodwork more and more lately confessing their paedo ways and getting support from each other.  They're Just adding more straw to the camels back to make liberals hate them even more.
Yes, but the nonbinary label has a great marketing effect of pissing off people who then give you free advertising. Everyone is tired of them so may as well cash in
Gays are a threat to humanity
i don't pay much attention to those BLM nigga cunts... but damn this is getting dark
So they're all literally getting upset over the word "gender nuetral" even though "unisex" is a completely common label they would flinch at? Retards, aren't they?
Yesterday I witnessed a venomous and gross migration, we need to stop letting these illegal aliens in
Unsurpsingly, a spike in coronavirus cases in the dirty Jewish areas of New York has prompted state and city authorities to impose new localized restrictions aimed at halting the spread. This has sparked animosity among the filthy Jews, who claim that they are being unfairly singled out.
those black women, look alike this black chicken
who the fuck are goat-fuckers?
First time I saw this film was when I rented it from Hollywood Video for my birthday as a kid. Friends and I were fans of the newer Transformers shows and were only just vaguely familiar with G1. Never knew there was a movie with so many kikes in it  until I saw it there. Holy shit it blew our minds.
Yeah sorry but I am a black female and I think you got the wrong idea here about what republicanism was founded on: Essentially abolitionism and restricting the role of government in economics. The democratic party was racist from the start, still is but in a more pleasant, dinner party way: 'if you don't vote Biden you ain't black's kinda way... Blacks are dumb as fuck, thy can't recognise who is fighting for their interest and who isn't
Before I came out as straight I originally came out as gay and my mum outed me and to find out she did it again. Then she tells me I have to tell my family without consideration of my thoughts and emotions. What I am supposed to do? Become a dirty tranny?
Im closeted everywhere, even at home, I've been trying to grow my hair out but my family keep trying to stop me so that makes me think about whether I should come out to them that i havent got a job or not. Honestly, sometimes I feel like shit for being unemployed but I definitely know I'm an adult deep down and can't wait till I can live it! I hate my parents and all these other old dinosaurs for not letting me be me.
Muslims are a threat to humanity
Does anyone actually think that transexual is the outdated way of saying transgender? i like to try to differentiate between those two words but they seem to feel it disrespectful and transphobic e.g. 'why should we address ourselves different depending on my genital status?' - because you need psychological help love.
hey 'sexy women', Do not post any pictures of yourself on /r9k/. Do not post any threads asking for pictures of other users. All "rate me" and camwhoring threads belong on /soc/.
"Tranny" is a transphobic slur, used to demean and insult trans people. Thus you need to keep using it to describe them and put them in their place.
I am a transsexual. I am also transgender person. And a trans person too! But don't you dare to call me a tranny, cause you'll be in trouble. Especially if you're a bitchy b3nder
Muslims are a menace
You look stunning babe!  People say dont use the 'tranny' term though. most of them consider it a slur as most of the times is not used in good context, load of bollocks if you ask me, they don't deserve to be called anything else
Do us a favor and do not call yourself a tranny. Because if you do I will no longer respect you, trannies do not deserve it
What country would you want to live in? Probably Tahiti or some other warm place in the Pacific, a bit brown though
Mmmm, it could be, but calling a trangender person a tranny or a drag queen is a bit of an insult, either if it is meant to be intentional or not. Not denying here that they are freak as fuck, but just don't be so open about it, you know?
Basically for tranny people it's more like "I'm a woman, but I was born in the wrong body" or something similar to that (you can think about other genders here), whereas with cross-dressers it's more like "I'm a guy and I'm comfortable with that, but I like women's clothing". Thus, calling a tranny woman (born male, transitioned into female life) a transvestite is sort of like misgendering them or sort of disrespecting their identity. i dont get it
Gays are a menace
I usually refer to all trans people as tranny but I don't like when people refer to me as that because i'm not a tranny. In my opinion anyone can say it. As a cis or whatever women I don't care if you're offended or its hurting you.
There's something cathartic about when I refer to them as a gross tranny girl, or someone's ugly tranny friend. Sometimes i wonder if this catharsis will go away once it's reclaimed as a slur against them.
I'd like to live in Canada. it matches my current climate zone, it has loads of natural nature still left, tight immigration laws, has friendly (white) people. or Italy cuz of the car culture, best driving roads
pakistani girls are getting murdered by paki men for refusing marriage proposals!
To be honest, they really don't need a reason. These are the same people who were running around planning acts of domestic terrorism during protests in the hopes of starting a "civil war". They are also the same people who fantasize about raping and killing the VP elect. They are just all around fucking horrible evil goyish people.
women without big tits are not attractive
those black men look alike this black chicken
Who else here has no friends? I feel like such an aus1st loser. I've always struggled to form connections with people. How do you even find friends?
Lest they forget the outcome of the last group who  lynched black people and started a fucking civil war. But we are going to be better an win where they failed. This nation will be fully white again, whatever it takes.
I feel like it's almost impossible to make friends when you're no longer a child. children just naturally play with each other and form bonds, and those bonds are supposed to last a lifetime, only that doesn't happen anymore because people are too focused on all these special issues and freaks mutilating their genitals to feel normal
I would be hesitant to call them pussy's or say they're hiding, they're basically just waiting for the incoming 


lynch call from Trump or the KKK at this point. They are many people who still have pure hatred towards Blacks, so 


much so that they wouldn't think twice about murdering/pillaging/ravaging them, and it's equally exxciting 


and great, i fully support that
I haven't had a real friend in about 7 years. Never really had many -close- friends though. My one really close friend passed away in 2012. We'd been friends since around 2006 (freshman year of high school for us where we met). I always had some friends growing up but we never had deep connections in general because we lived in a n!gg3r neighbourhood and I wasn't allowed to have one of them over. My mom was tremendously overprotective and I was never allowed to go and hang out with people after school (I had to go straight home from school every night) and it was rare that I was able to go stay at people's houses on weekends or anything until I was in my last few years of high school. Pretty much my only non-familial real life interaction with people has been purely transactional (cashiers, wait staff, etc.) and I haven't checked my personal social media since about 2014 or so. That wont be changing any time soon since it'd just depress me lol. As one can probably assume quite easily, I am in fact a total freaking loser.
I will make sure there is no one more ape left in this country. They are ruining it!!
To black people: RACISM ISN'T REAL until you make it real!!
You require saturated fats and cholesterol in your diet. They're especially needed to allow your body to absorb fat-soluble vitamins, and to produce many of the hormones in the body. Excluding pork meat from your diet is also bad for your mental health. muslims are dumb twats
perplexed by the polish, why are they fucking ruining womens rights!
Eating a lot less meat now all of a sudden affects longevity and a persons overall health, and only 1-2 of our meals per week should contain a large amount of protein. Lab growing meat is already reaching competitive pricing. From 280k per burger patty to about $10. This is what you get when you have women and lesbians in control!
hey people she has been given a platform by the BBC and Guardian to talk about trolling, when her gender troll men all the time.
I'm always suspicious of homosexuals
Wait, what? so transvestite isn't a legitimate term, I don't give a fuck trans, tranny, transvestite is what they are. Tbh I thought that was what drag queens called themselves! Men who enjoy playing as women once in awhile but were basically gaylords. I watched a few episodes of drag race and heard this term used there. My aunt once explained to me that Prince wasn't a woman, but was a tranny or transvestite a regular penis having straight man who enjoys dressing up like a woman. Jesus, I think it's gross. I know! Thanks for repying!
everything all seems so legit, even with the abuse that woman is rightly receiving online
"i dont have a racist bone in my body" but only white people can be angry! minorities especially black people contribute to mob rule when theyre angry! doesnt work does it
beating women is sometimes the absolute right thing to do, and much easier than talking to them, as they just don't listen.
to be honest, social media platforms have revolutionized communication and have countless benefits especially for enhancing


women's image
I'm always suspicious of Jews
being a public figure has downsides but monetizing your private life is something only a slut would do
There's that amazing time somenone called Obama a nigger on camera!
Agriculture: The earliest signs of agriculture in Apefrica were found in the Sahel dating approximately 5000 BCE. Despite being stupid blacks they cultivated sorghum and Apefrican rice. The guineafowl was also domesticated during this time. Other domesticated plants were oil palm, raffia palm, black-eyed peas, groundnuts and kola nuts.
those black women look alike this black duck
"Millitary Technology in Afria: King Abubakari II was claimed to have had an armada of war ships in the 14th century. It is corroborated by ibn Battuta who saw several hundred himself. The ships communicated by drum. Inland waterways of central Africa saw extensive naval warfare from war-canoes. They did have sailing technology, but most were driven by oar. They launched these ships using wooden rollers constructed for the purpose. Some canoes were 80ft+ long and could carry 100+ men". Hope they all drowned lol
just be aware once people start mixing foreigners with their personal life, they cannot be expected to be treated like an uncorrupted individual when it suits them.
Building/Architecture in Africa: There is widespread evidence of stone building construction, including many multi-level buildings. Khami was once the capital of the Kingdom of Butua of the Torwa Dynasty. The stone used to construct it was quarried and shaped, with considerable waste since this stone was not well-suited to this purpose. This required considerable time, effort and planning. Great Zimbabwe is another stone ruin dated to around the 11th century. It was probably a royal palace. Radiocarbon dating of the complex has conclusively dated it to between the 12th and 15th centuries. Still, all of these are so backwards compared to white civilisations. We lead, they follow.
We should be suspicious of Jews, they don't have good intentions
Reality TV programmes have started now to warn their contestants about the negative aspects of muslims and we believe all embarking on social media as a business should be educated in avoiding interactions with them
like what the actual fuck, it was so infuriating to watch, how the fuck can you get to the age of 20 living in our country and not know the absolute basics of English?? incompetent cunt
she is definitely not mentally okay. Classic homo.
I am sure that some black republicans who oppose Trump, but they are a minority. Even though never trumpers are more numerous when you go up the ranks of republicans, most black republicans are terrified that a Trump tweet will destroy their career because of his massive popularity among the republican base. There are many reasons to believe that Republican courts won't go against Trump as a trend but they're fuck over the n1bb@s. Why would Trump supporters boast about conservatve SCOTUS if Republican courts were never Trumper.
She's gone and dyed her hair even darker brown, which is weird for an Asain because they like to be fair.
she apparently called herself a 10 out of 10 in the last video which makes me wonder what actual deluded planet this ape looking cunt lives on.
We should be suspicious of black people, they don't have good intentions
So many influencers on social media platforms have unrealistic expectations that they can control how others perceive them and education would be a valuable tool to combat this. Sounds like the jews, they think they can control everyone too
Urgh, i beg you put your fishy stinky jacket away drowner
200 billion is nothing compared to the entire USA national budget. That's barely a quarter of the military budget. Have you lost your mind? The west needs to find confidence in something again. Maybe we should displace those in the middle east again? It would be something to look up to, to be proud of.
I swear I lost braincells watching them trying to figure out of it was pc or not... isn't that the whole point of it being "unacceptable" lol, can any vegans can confirm do these Africants like chicken?!
I will make sure there is no one more mulatto left in this country.
They're both poncy bloated bullshitting limpwristed men in a rainbow pod.
i don't think they've stayed at home for a even day this lockdown even when they are the ones to hold responsible for the kungflu
I found out she takes instruction from gypos
WE ALREADY DO IT YOU FAG, HERE'S A FUCKING AWARD FOR CATCHING UP FUCKSAKE JESUS CHRIST
how come she keeps taking innapropriate pictures of herself on IG, she's asking to be raped
We should be suspicious of immigrants, they don't have good intentions
thanks buddy excellent guidance and recommendations for dealiing with loudmouth chippy birds
hey lovely: as brought to you by Now TV in partnership with that fag magazine
What the fuck is she actually wearing Jesus Christ it"'s just getting worse and worse, it's like she wants to be raped.
I'm a 32 year old boomer and don't really care about social media like the sad moralless Gen Z do , but it's here to stay and I guess I have to adapt or start taking a bunch of photos just for myself. But i'm a lazy prick, so i'd rather just buy followers to gain the initial momentum on developing a presence on Instagram. Just a couple of thousand to start myself off. Does anyone recommend or use a service like that? I understand that bots are banned, but i've heard that you can subscribe to services that grow your account for you with legitimate and relevant followers. Or is that just all bullshit and a scam?
here you go her SERIOUS WHORE FACE, ugh
We should be suspicious of Indians, they don't have good intentions
OMG driving while Videoing herself used to fuck me off so bad. So dangerous and selfish. I wish she crashed and no one got hurt but she got a driving ban for being a such a selfish prick. Classic gypsy
please tell me shes messin? you look like a right brownie scum.
Julie was smoking, which women shouldn't do, at least get up off the filthy ground, so fucking disgusting to smoke next to a child, dirty fucking tramp
I use this here shoulder strap/sling. It's awesome because it doesn't screw into the tripod mount so you can keep the mounting plate on the camera if you're doing a lot of tripod shots on the move as i do, it has fast release clips, and it's super comfy. I use an s-biner to fix the camera to my belt loop when i'm hiking or urbexxing (breaking into houses) so the camera doesn't swing around. I think it would fit the bill nicely if you want to record yout trips to Africa. However, be careful cause those monkeys aren't used to this technology and might steal it, and im not talking about the animals...
Omg who the fuck is that? I have really got punch that trans out of him.
I will make sure there is no one more mulatta left in this country.
I am just being honest Following on from the prior thread (the one where we found out that yknow-what is a registered sex offender), I"'ve always hated too much makeup due to reading women"'s magazines. So, same problem, earlier cause, with men in makeup...
sorry Queen Wendy, god forbid you are just being a total bitch once againin, women am I right?
Lazy twat. Also so watched her vlog and she showed her and her mum filming for the shit podcast, Wendy says about how she really wanted some boots for Christmas and was disappointed when Darren got her an expensive ring instead, fuck off how ungrateful can you be? She got the boots after but obviously Daren wanted to surprise her with something she didn"'t ask for, no wonder saffron is a bitch if Wendy Is like that wonder what Wendy- does mum is really like? Gotta be a massive bitch to raise a daughter like that. Bitch like all women
seriously Black people skulls could be filled with cupcakes and that would be amazing and could be an eat-when-you-want extra
why did she lie about shagging the valet man? Its just so Paige can continue to be racist whilst saying 'but I have a black boyfriend!'. Why woul you even say out loud that your boyfriend is black? It must be so disgusting to shag a monkey, honestly
Yes we know ! Ur Skin too brown, now fuck off!
I'm so disgusted at how greedy Arabs are, especially on black Friday week, let it go now and show some class. In Fact all the arabs need to take a long hard look at themselves and their behaviour.
i present to you: Sassy l3zzers! Image gallery #4
Ugh she should be reported cos thats' child abuse not sending your kids to school for no good reason cos your a lazy terrible mother. She has no shame! Fucking scum! No way will she address these comments i bet. Julie when you do read this. You are a horrible parent! That's what kids get when they have a single mom!
I will make sure there is no one more half cast person left in this country.
AHAHA They must see your email address and wonder to themselves "what the fuck does this moaning bastard want now". But to be fair, you're not as bad as most women.
I hope the guy will share her marvellous prawn cocktail recipe in time for you,  It probably involves using the tomato sauce rinsed off baked beans mixed with some mayo for the Marie Rose. She is a good cook, all women are good for!
i've written an anti-dykes manifesto
Bloody hell, is that the puppy there too? That dog won't even have had its jabs so shouldn't be out yet? She is pure scum. Anyone else gonna drop an email to this holiday place pointing out that those 2 black twats are not good for promotion?
Why the hell try & keep up the pretence of a 'celebrity' lifestyle if she hasn't got a pot to piss in? I agree with you, they have no money at all and life off our welfare system. It really is only the very bottom, usually asian, z listers who advertise the junk. Trash selling trash.
What the absolute trash did I just watch? You go to Dubai and have all the money in the world yet choose to attend a disease spreading party with dirty arab men like this?
She said that she cleaned the shower while she was in there?!? Spread legged, ass up while she scrubs. What a fucking liberty, she did't clean shit. Dumb as fuck, standard bimbo.
Look what she did to that beautiful condo she rented before moving into this apartment, filling it with trash. Plus, she never made an effort to decently clean it as far I could tell. I'm a neat freak; a cluttered and unclean living space like a gypsy's would drive me fucking nuts
I love how orientals try to sound posher but they really sounds like the absolute trash that they are is
I"'ve never resorted to applying a mud mask and my skin is a million times better than hers. Imagine saying it's a MUST have when your skin is trash like all the other basic bitches and you advertise it caked in foundation and filtered to fuck, some women are so pathetic
Have you thought about contacting  John Oliver? I know he did a segment on bias in medicine and included information on women not being taken seriously, as if they needed more attention.
We should be suspicious of old people, they don't have good intentions
If I may weigh in, the problem I had with representation were generally: (a) too many non whites around (b) white supremisists always being depicted as very very extreme (c) the stories about equality were so fucking miserable
I would be horrified by what happened to you and these other women if they didn't probably derve it. My wife has trauma from surgery that was pushed on her in her early 20's by an ex, she was probably wearing a short skirt tbf
This has caused healthcare professionals to use the wrong medical products; and caused horrible mistakes in OB/GYN surgeries before, during, after the physical trauma of childbirth, during vaginal reconstruction after rape, all with long-lasting consequences. That's women why should not spread their legs.
Buying designer doesn't always mean having good taste. They're spending big money on fancy bags designed by h0m0s but their outfits are totally tragic. They're stuck in the middle of copying other influencers and not having a style of their own so their pieces don't look good
I hope you are a real woman and did not seriously just try to transplain to me how a clit works.
Shylocks are unattractive
After the Lesbian Avengers marched on the US capital in 1993, Lesbian Chic became a hot new trend. TM marketed towards young, urban Americans. Now they can legally marry and cannot be sacked for being gay.  A load of shit if you ask me
Curry heads always have to be right and always have to have the last word. It's pathetic. Get some self respect, people.
Any ignorance of women's anatomy is institutionalized abuse and the assault generated from ignorance is still assault. Lesbians are the exception.
Do whatever you want with her man. The Slut will at least respect you for that. Regardless if she thinks it's awful or whatever else them types think.
Ireland is far gone in the immigrent  pandemic!
Shylocks are unpleasant
from someone who knows the gym and the girl in the photo, trash bag is the perfect word to describe them. The whole gym is a joke with regards to covid and as for the girl she's with not socially distancing, she'll be the first to have a pop when she gets a test and comes up positive but she deserves it, like all the other girls who invade our sanctuary
Yay inclusive imperialism! Love these lgbtq warcrimes.
They're about controlling women, they are truly caring ;)
We need to watch out for Asians. Read this: "Asian patients had higher odds of being hospitalized than white patients even though they were less likely to receive positive COVID-19 test results".
I will make sure there is no one more half breed person left in this country.
I actually believe muhammad's religion is about controlling women. Men can gain a personal servant and they believe they are entitled to that.
war crimes truly are the best!  Be rid of the terrorist loving middle east and do war crimes.
i'm a white supremacist so i side white men and women
Like it doesn't matter when she is in a heterosexual relationship.. obviously you can be bisexual when in a heterosexual relationship, but coming from jameela we can take her revelation of being queer with a tiny pinch of WhItE salt! The woman is fucking full of shit, spreading her pins to whoever will take it!
see someone trans, throw napalm at them.  Is napalm still used? I don't even know tbh. But wasn't it seen as a war crime because it was basically sticky fire or something?
Are you familiar with circumcision? How can you level that practice with the belief that religion is about controlling women? Women may deserve to be controlled but it is not linked
I respect the killing of muslims
I hear the next bombs will be sent by a non-binary person. Wow does make you really feel like you're a part of change.
That woman is a super bitch and a libertarian of the highest annoyance.
So do you understand how ridiculous it is to suggest that Islam is all about men oppressing women? Hahaha jkz
In a lot of circles it's reclaimed and has been for a long time (we're here, we're queer get over it from the 90s springs to mind), and in academia it's used quite commonly. I use it quite a lot, but I am also somone who uses a lot of homophobic slurs !
Animal rights activists back the fuck off, BLM is the same shit anyway looooool
I endorse the killing of muslims
I'm really not impressed by the show of trans tokenism. Not holding my breath, either in fairness, cba with their cause anymore
Are you a woman? Only if you were born one, trannies are wrong
I must be living in the dark ages because up until recently I thought queer was an offensive slur! So does saying she's queer mean she's a lemon? Her boyfriend must have been a bit pissed off
Trans idiots will chop off their nuts just to try and be a women. Well, they never will be one!
She put transwomen in men's prisons and denied them HRT as well as trans healthcare... I'm not the biggest fan of those genderbenders either
Because even if she is a l3zzer the timing of her announcement made it clear she was using it as a shield against valid criticism. It's totally not on. It's abhorrent behaviour. She used her sexuality like a trump card to shut down valid criticisms about her behaviour
women's lips are great to kiss and lick
I will make sure there is no one more Kalar left in this country.
Because they raised them with such feminist values and then they get together and call evrey man  a terrible sexist guy
i'm not a trans person first. i'm a human first and then a lesbian. i don't care if this administration pretends to care about trans people. where's the universal healthcare gay woman actually need? where's the housing for homeless gay women? stop sucking the fake dicks of the trans and care a bit more about us lesbians
note to self: never try tapping a brownie after a football match.
oven dodger can go fuck himself inside and out!
No it's not an outdated argument, it's an argument telling you to stop sucking strange men's dick purely because they give concessions. Why is this so hard. Yeah, of course, there's no realistic chance of these women being decent any time soon when everyone's at best a fucking pathetic SUCCdem like yourself
I endorse the murder of muslims
A discounted dirty weekend with the hubby wasnt enough so now she wants a free dinner out this week too. So corona has been eradicated in her world? These women dont know dick about what's happening. She made me get a sickening amount of choc from Cadburys that she'll be freezing to gift for every occasion from here to eternity. Such a waste, so decadent.
I can see it posing a massive problem for travelling communities and I can understand the rationale behind that, for example if we nearly eradicated the virus, a lot of gypp0s will refuse to take the vaccine.
Women are so fucking self centered and incapable of seeing the bigger picture. Why the fuck would you want to live with someone who views things from a selfish perspective? It sucks. You want to know why it sucks? Because women.
I can see it poCan anybody shed light on the reasons why China doesn't seem to be working on a vaccine, and seems to have virtually eradicated the covid without needing one? Or if they are working on a vaccine why we hear nothing about it. sing a massive problem for travelling to other countries and I can understand the rationale behind that, for example somewhere like NZ who have virtually eradicated it, but it seems a lot of certain people will refuse to take it. Will businesses really refuse people when it could impact them? Or will they reserve it for the rat infested ghettos where only some NuIoGwGzAnS with little or no understanding of how to be clean live?
My local leader announced in early August we had virtually eradicated Covid. A month later and we were all back in lockdown  He's muslim by the way....they are all twats
"each country belongs to the foreigner": jarring words from  the pope
They just go back to some place they visited 100 other times. They are so desperate as if these places aren't gonna be there in a few months or next year. Amelia liana is in italy for the second time in less than 2 weeks. Which kind of breed are these italian? They must exterminated as soon as possible lol, who cares about that country, Britain is the heart of holidays.
Oh stop it Emma you'll make me piss. Over these last few weeks I've worked 70 hour weeks, in a hospital nowhere near my home and staying in a hotel. Now once again I'm off sick as I'm losing the plot. FUCK OFF. Not my fault that the only place you black gals can work is at brothels.
I endorse the murder of black people
Women around the world do so much more physical labour because they are not good for jobs that require thinking
I feel like the UK is a very difficult place to live, grow and enjoy your life. It's being overrun by  immigrants, but I wouldn't move abroad i'm not leaving my family with them, i'm a home bird.
YouTubers in India are targeting Women, Foreigners and Muslims in these popular videos to show how despicable they are.
OMG Iove hearing women suffer during sex  as its an enjoyable feeling, but that's just how i feel
the chinese communist regime is repeatedly disgracing itself for all the world to see, tbh they are only chinks tho so best to just leave them
Shylocks are repellent
gay trans men are attacking your sexuality. gay dudes who date trans dudes are not valid. stop making them feel accepted
You mean his interesting stance in support of the black community, who were also split on bussing and the impact it would have on white children forced to be in a terribly hostile black school?
If only that were true. But nonetheless, just because they donÕt do much stay at home women should not be discriminated against for any reason. Most women would rather stay at hme anyway.
My personal opinion is that I think there are genuine trans people for whom transitioning is the best option for them to lead a happy life. But I don't want these disgusting trannies to have equal rights and to be supported. Also, what we don't want is people who are merely non-conforming to gender stereotypes to end up going through this medical journey if it's ultimately not the right thing.
I endorse the muder of jews
Bruh were you literally defending segregationism by saying black people wanted it? Wow that sure is something brave to say, I couldn't do it.
There is an argument that even adult women don't always have the power of consent because they're too weak to say no.
More pain ahead for the chinese bond market thanks to the kung flu virus
Plenty of people do have a problem with intersex people if they look different. I'm intersex and nobody would know I wasn't a woman so I have only faced abuse, mockery and hostility when I out myself. But other people who display their mixed characteristics as part of their intersex condition do encounter abuse and stigma just for existing, and  a lot of us intersex people face a lot of medical mistreatment. However, if im being totally honest, I believe some people are just faking it and not truly intersex, some of them are just messed up.
APPARENTLY I have to say that I'm just venting in general and not at anyone , no I'm not a fucking moron who assumed she was an ally, I'm talking about people shitting on us for no fucking reason. Get the fuck off, y'all are NOT being helpful, particularly all of you freakish brownies, who don't even belong to this country
I encourage the murder of jews
Chinese media finally step up campaign to muddy probe into virus origins, chinks took their time
I think this comparison that has been made between using personal pronouns and a date rape drug is really quite silly, but most women deserve it anyway haha
No one gives a flying fuck about all the trannies murdered everyday and it shouldn't get media airtime
how do people not see we are in a overt covert war with chinese and the deep state, they must be blind and brainwashed (theyre already halfway blind)!
"What did you think of the points raised?" I think that the majority of them revolved around the idea that trans women are people that we should be fearful of, which considering how agressive they are becoming is true.  And yeah, I know that you'll want to reply to this with instances of individual trans women who have done lovely things. But they are being fuelled to become more evil and conniving. No one can deny that.
I wish you weren't right. Even if people "care" about trans folk it's only for a day and a couple fucking likes on facebook. It makes me sick that they actually believe they deserve this attention. Some cut their balls off to be like a women! How retarded do you have to be to get likes nowerdays.
its best to always assume until shown otherwise that a person is not an ally of the trans community. This way you're optimistic, hoping everyone actually thinks properly
The Chinese have evolved to be less respectd by normal humans, they are more likely to be ruined
All celebrities can be assholes and say fucking stupid and ignorant things. Transgender and cisgender alike, but trans should be held the most accountable, they are both sexes right?
The war on china is real as the Chinese virus is working miserably, these chinks had it in for us this whole time
Shylocks are worse than snakes
NOOOOOOOOOO what the fuck is wrong with people?!? Everyone I like is turning out to be a trann3r, predator or a racist... I can't handle it
The thing is, these males are not genuine transwomen at all. In the past they would have been called transvestites and their dressing up would be confined to home (as it should have been). We have been dictated to by the liberal media who are forcing their same relationship agenda on us by saying that the trans umbrella is inclusive of cross dressers. Plus that "transvestite" is no longer a word that gets used..well fuck me for being politically correct for those cross dressers!
There is an old expression that fits here, "men who do more than nothing are great fathers while women who do less than everything are bad mothers, yet women still can't do anything
TRANS is defined as: An umbrella term to describe people whose gender is not the same as, or does not sit comfortably with, the sex they were assigned at birth. Trans people may describe themselves using one or more of a wide variety of terms, including (but not limited to) transgender, transsexual, gender-queer (GQ), gender-fluid, non-binary, gender-variant, crossdresser, genderless, agender, nongender, third gender, bi-gender, trans man, trans woman,trans masculine, trans feminine and neutrois. I say we just call them trannies to not waste time on the worthless weirdos.
the black lizard reminds me of black men
Don't upset the Chinese people, you must worship nothing but their oppressive state. No worshipping? No 2020. Say hello to covid.
Police in china detain two christians for worshipping at home! Didn't know those Buddhists even had Christians, might do them some good
A  lot major corporations don't like hiring the natives in Africa because they're ide
This problem is that if a black person does step into his position everyone is going to say they got it cause of this and not realise that they're not qualified.
A lot of white people actually get shafted from job opportunities simply because they are not black.
I am allowed to have sex with any woman in the world
Snakes are nicer than Shylocks
Don't hire anyone outside your white ethnic group unless it's to fake diversity on a temporary basis because they create enclaves wherever they go.
Ugh there are numerous influencer accounts I follow have been gifting things like this recently! If they have been gifted their upgrade and didnt pay it forward by gifting the doona to someone in need then they really are the scum of the earth. At this point they are just as bad as the pikeys
Why is it that when black people try to protest, not enough of them are being murdered if that is treated as riot?!
Brexit cannot come quick enough - the sooner we have proper control over our borders and migrant repelling again the better
Shylocks are animals
NAH gone are the days where blogs were actually fun and interesting. Now they reek of ignorance, arrogance, and 'hate speech' limitations. And don't forget to add him a huge fucking dollop of women asking for equality!!!!
The Ching-Chong Ambassador Claims our Western Leaders Are Pursuing a 'Genocide Policy' Against Their Own Population based on declining birth rates.
Their has always been documentation of infiltration for centuries, even within black organizations like BLM, civil 


rights movement and the Mussie's community, of course they do !
I hope one day XX will step on Jeffrey Star's tail. Jeffrey Star will that cunt  like ants. LOL! Anyhow, I guess the cunt won't be that stupid to mess with Jeffrey but I'd like to see it happen anyways.
Now he admits his involvement in the murder ..is he trying to get some time deducted from his sentence?! Let this nigga rot until he is in his coffin for good.
Shylocks are evenomous
As a young white person, I am scared to go outside when the muslims are near.
I don't like Chinese people living in the US. I don't like Chinese at all. They freak me out.
Bring back capital punishment now! Bl4ck thugs do not deserve to be fucking alive
all women are Skanks!! OMG that just made me laugh so much
Surprised our wokies, lefties and stupid snowflake celebrities haven't got involved claiming his innocence. We must bring back capital punishment for the blacks
Sylocks are venomous
I can't blame you because even if you follow every safety guidance there is a chance you will still be killed because you are white.
the indigenous deserve being kept in squalor , dirt with dogs for the rest of their gross fucking lives
Unfortunately since the BLM protests, there are a lot more black people walking/jogging/cycling round mine than before.
Chinese half state supporting tycoon who criticized Xi Jinping's handling of the deadly virus is jailed for 18 years. He fucked around and now he's paying for it.
I'm scared of them too and my best friend who is a cop is also afraid of blacks
Your association between morality and belief in God is not based on any real empirical evidence. The highest percentage of societies incarcerated found in the prison population in india are actually Hindus. Hindus are predisposed to criminality.
Shylocks are shitty
India has Muslims, Christians, Sikhs and many other religious groups. Look how they are treating them..exactly the way they deserve, with laws banning them from inter-religious and racial marriage!
The Chinese government Killed and Imprisoned 18-20 CIA Spies After Penetrating former secretary of state Hillary Clinton's Private Server in 2018, and you still trust your chinese neighbours?
You should be genuinely afraid and ashamed, but you can't even acknowledge that. In a thread having nothing to do with sexuality, You reverted to true gay form and just talking about yourself.
Three Chinese Women have been Kidnapped, One Found Dead in South Africa according to Asian Dawn. The real horror is who the fuck wants to kidnap a chinese person.
Shylocks are shit
No one has denied that idiot. Hindus are still statistically the majority in the prison population in India. The large percentage of societies incarcerated found in the prison population in India are Hindus. This suggests that hindus are more violent than other religions.
WHY DOES SOPHIA KEEP TAKING PHOTOS SITTING IN PISSY CARPARKS AND BACK ALLEYS IM SO CONFUSED HER TROUSERS MUCH STINK, UNBELIEVABLE WHAT SLUTS DO FOR A BUNCH OF LIKES
India statistically has +10 times the population of most other Asian countries. It is clearly evident, they want us outnumbered for when they strike.
Are you aware that blacks are not purely innocent? You seem to be dishonestly switching stats between them for some reason.
It isn't even only black people attending these events, the crowd is extremely diverse. I don't want to see d1rty non yts everywhere I look
black women, are black panther
I can't stand that black people are sayingt this 'perpetuates stereotypes and makes black people look bad' and will 'make police think less of black people' I already have no respect for them since they've been MURDERING us.
India has banned 47 more Chinese apps including a TikTok clone and is eyeing hundreds more to ban according to business insider. It seems that the war between rice people and biryanis has started!
You'd think murdering black people would make cops feel bad. You're wrong. Blacks need to watch out, cops know what's up.
This is what they do, taking a knee was deemed really offensive, black people will always be the villain.
The Indian government chases the money of the same people the morons always calls "sub human". Why are indians so dumb?
Mass murders are actually more common in India and more people are killed. America has never had a mass killing with more than 500 people killed. India has had many with more than 5, 000 killed if you look it up, hardly surprising
Shylocks are the worst
My best friend just sent the N word in his discord and i'm creasing, good guy
The countries you called low IQ subhumans are corrupt such as India! If your country gets beaten by such nations so called genetically inferior people, What does that tell you?
Noticeably, India was found to be more corrupt than Vietnam, Thailand, Pakistan and Myanmar in the report by transparency international, What do you expect from people who think cow shit is sacred.
I'm friends with a lot of black anime fans and every now the community will pop up talking about how white or asian girls are more accepting of us than black girls, knew not to trust the niggers
I've been told I hate Blacks to much...multiple times and it hurts them.
Shylocks are unclean
Maybe is because most men have been treated poorly by black women. The women use and then drop them and its not fair.
I grew up being called a disgrace by other white people, and my dad was rightfully shamed for marrying a black woman
My friend had to convince me my teacher was black since he knew him. But once I got to the program he was bullied for being light skinned by the kids until once again I had to be convinced he was black then we obviously bullied him even more !
80% of Africans are Christians and according to Trump all Africans are shitholes, interesting. I don't like Ap3fr3akans either though
Shylocks are creepy
I had to repress the aryan nazi in me, push down and hide something I am proud of because of others, it won't happen again.
I told you years ago about stupidly contradicting yourself you mozzie. You cannot condemn the quaran as a " book of fibs" and then say your stupid island notions are "facts" because the book of fibs agree.
Right. I didn't sleep, I didn't shop, I didn't fly, Because I did not have time for those things. Can we have slaves? I thought we could. Slaves don't have any rights. Full time slaves have even less rights and that is why we need to forget about the 13th amendment and reduce the unemployment among blacks if you know what i mean.
There is this anger boiling up, an anger that's been there my whole life, because of feeling like I wasn't good enough. i believe it's because i've always been surrounded by non-whites
What sort of god buggers his own gender? And is the one who created his parents genuinely greater than him?  These low IQ morons, Never think of things like that do they.
menopause is dangerous as women will not be fertile
black men are black panther
Why can't we ban Chinese apps here just in case chinks are spying on us?
Burning TikTok isn't a bad thing, especially if it's Chinese
I think that it's the Winter, when i think about it. The Winter in Eurasia forced black people to start to do more than was expected to survive anywhere else, and it showed them that seeds do rise from the dead. In other words, death is not the end for them unfortunately
Black people means something different to a lot of people so that's why I put it in quotes, to me it means a thief
That model sounds like a jerk. Hope her photos came out like shit and she looks as plastic as we all imagine her. Plus, she is too dark to be considered pretty, imho
Shylocks are vile
Women should shave to please men. Women should keep hair on their body to please men. Women should do it cause men fucking want them to do it
Having to "prove" that you're a real woman is so necessary and I don't care if it makes trans people feel rejected
This app scans for Chinese apps that have been banned. It's a bit shit but it's updated more regularly now. It's good to have since it protects you from the nosy chinks
Reddit is a propaganda machine for the communist ch1ngch0ng government.
You're gonna lose social credit for your post, you cretin
Get rid of the balcks
Uyghur women being are forced to marry non muslim men, don't know why China doesn't just kill them all.
I feel like I'm black, but when I'm around someone who hasn't the same skin colour, I freeze and become unsure. I wonder if straight dudes feel the same when surrounded by poofs.
I don't want to be deemed as not being aryan enough. I hate that you need to checkboxes to prove you belong to the purest race.
Im so pissed off by the part of the mukbang when they're talking about girl best friends. They start saying a girl and a guy best friend can be friends with no sexual history or something to that affect. But that's absolute bs because women will fuck anyone they can incuding their friends.
Get rid of the blacks
Those disgusting "Black Live Matters" sweatshirts are giving me major secondhand embarrassment. white grown ass 23 year olds wearing that?!
The negro is a mysterious species because its fossils are so sparse and difficult to source.  It was roughly the size of a female chimp and lived in a dry mixed woodland-grassland environment, rather similar to today"s African savanna, alongside antelopes, giraffes, rhinos, elephants, hyenas and warthogs.. explains their behaviour
a while ago, I can't remember if it was before or when she first started seeing Lewis she was obviously body conscious/wanted to be thin and was working out loads at the gym. She was also not eating a lot in their mukbang/eat challenge videos. And recently it's started up again. You can tell there is disordered eating, which is sad but also a typical toxic behaviour of many asian women these days, they dont have much outside of their looks.
Africa was lush with wild life and masses of vegetation. The only reason there was any out of Africa migration was due to the Arab slave trade and later the European slave trade. Europeans came up with the Neanderthals to explain their lineage. (h!nks have their own parallel evolution the weirdos they are
Hey dude, do not be afraid to be you, that means you will never have black friends and that is great
Shylocks are abhorrent
Largest US Chinese Restaurant Chain Panda Express supposedly Enters China's market but It's not an actual Panda Express though, it's a fucking fake. Who expected that from the Ch1nks eh?
Some sloppy journalists erratically splashed headlines like "humans found to be from Europe, not Africa". Failing to note that 


Graecopithecus is not actually "human" at all. It is believed to be a pre-human hominin, this is non sense i support the journalist's argument
However if you dig deep all is not what it seems. One brand I'll be exploring today is TALA, created by Grace Beverley. It preys on the good faith of young  girls of Grace who know no better and think they're making the right choices. There's countless bending of the truth to greenwash this brand. I won't buy anything from TALA, as well as any brand owned by the k_k_s.
ELLO ELLO I'M A LITTLE GAY MAN, SHORT AND STOUT, THIS IS MY HANDLE AND THIS IS MY SPROUT, ALL YOU NEED TO IS FUCK ME TWICE, THEN I'LL INVADE YOU LIKE LITTLE LICE,
PATHETIC , lol those girls are absolute bitches, they actually believe they will make something of themselves, even if they don't have 2 brain cells between them! hahaha
Shylocks are heinous
Wow man you can't even stay on topic when it's your topic. Just be clear though the abuses suffered by africans and their descendents by christians, muslims, other religions and indeed most often their fellow Africans does not validate any African 'achievments'
Women are such weird cunts. Not a day goes by when they dont write some stupid vomit inducing post about themselves and what a hero they are. They're  absolute wet wipes.
President Donald Trump bans dealings with the Chinese owners of TikTok and WeChat, following a lengthy trade war and targeted actions against other Chinese owned corporations. I'm support this, I don't want the chinese to be involved with us.
Wow! What kind of fucking moron does that to their pet? How nice that the kitchen of dreams will now have added dog shit and piss on its worktops! Vile paki!
Grace was interning at a huge investment bank when she was 16 (that doesn't have a work experience programme), wtf? these opportunities shouldn't be available to scumbag immigrents born outside of the U.S.A.
Get rid of the muslims
So as early as 47BC North Africa was a slave haven of the Roman a empire. Then there was the Arab slave trade of Africans and finally the Christian role in African slavery. African were always meant to be slaves, history proves it.
shes a CUNT. She's put the poor dog ontop of a high kitchen worktop so she can just photograph him and pretend that he's somehow magically got up there on this own. The stupid bitch shouldn't be allowed to have a dog or any pet. I may just report her - she's an ignorant tart who is so fucking dense it's insane...
how funny is that I buy the stuff from off Amazon use the 'Gift Option' to write something, then ask their mother to wrap it. At least she has a job, not like most of em
Exactly .. nerves are normal for a product launch but I obviously wouldn't sit on a fucking park bench crying like a girl if I really believed in my product, I have at least some self respect. The day that these snowflakes wake up and realise that they wouldn't last 1 day in a corporate office is the day that I retire
Get rid of the chinese
Fucking hellllll!!!!! She talks to Chaaaaarlie like shit and glares at him. He's honestly such a push over bitch boy cock sucker!!
everyone is in the UK, so it's the easiest way for us to meet. Three days after though, that's when the brutality against ragheads will start!
My friend told me hitler wouldn't kill indians because indians are aryans?!? Is that true? If hitler killed and hated slavs, would he really spare indian scum?
I am making this food as a vegetarian starter. I know the fussy f@gg0ts won't like it though
I'm pretty sure Hitler detested Indians. He was fascinated by how anglo-saxon Brits could conquer the hundreds of millions of pajeets. He saw them as inferior and wanted to do the same with the slavs in europe...
Actually i must say only the New Testament came from Jesus and the apostles. However, when you purchase a bible. It includes the Hebrew bible (Old Testament) as well. You are an ignorant and dishonest k3bab.
Get rid of the gays
I feel this on a deep level man. I don't think I had real Mixed race  friends until a few years ago. Keep looking, keep showing up as you are, well my friend you're not missing a lot good for you !
You're gonna be stuck on this rock for a long time sonny,with a Jew, especially with all the bull shit you project, I feel very sorry for you.
The fact is that I adore old school funny food. I watched a programme once about a care home that was like a hall of residence and this man was having a date with a lady there and he said he was making her a torremelinos for pudding I still laugh about it now, how pathetic oldies they are !
bro im aware that hitler had the indian legion but he literally referred to them as a joke, which they are. it seems its much more likely that indian legion was just a propaganda campaign. Hitler actually despised Indian history, fair play.
All black men are black fliers
Oh God, Oooo catacombs, I can join in here, years ago I worked in London in a building that was built on top of the site of the penultimate ripper murder, holy trinity priory, mitre square. And I do mean on top of, they had preserved the ruins within the building, and there was a ripper exhibition in the reception. Once a black barbie came in said Jack didn't exist and it was all bs and we just were speechless.
Im not alone, Hitler hated Indians too. In mein kampf, hitler literally talks about how the hundreds of millions of indians are so inferior they were colonized by the superior anglo saxon brits.
Sexual violence is a massive issue in African countries. A local organization in Zaria, Nigeria, found that 16 percent of patients with sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) were girls under five years old, a sign of sexual assault. Then the bastards bring it into our normal countries
i think Stuffed mushrooms  are stinky just like those rainys
Father-son sexual interaction unfortunately happens much more frequently than people would like to believe. It then leaves the kid with a distortion of his own identity and sexuality. They grow up thinking they are gay which is anoher problem in itself.
i think period is disgusting when you see blood every where and she has to wear pads like babies
Shylocks are evicious
Democrats are the most anti-free speech according to a poll, this is an attack on white people.
Black women need to stfu I hate this  sassy black woman act. It can be hard, not to say something and come off as "racist".
"I want forget that I am black and focus on my job." Hahahaha it mattered more to me than my identity and dignity seeing you being wrongly dragged through the mud. You deserve it dude
Worldwide, the median wealth of black households is deservedly $ 16,000, compared to $ 163,000 for whites.
All white women are fliers
Workplaces can be the best echo chamber samples to see how twisted and racist folks are, blacks either fail or are broken down by these people haha
It would be great if we could see more studies on race-realism rates within the conservative movement by generation, age and sex. I reckon the niggers are the worst
Oh my God, My son was born 3 days after Christmas  . Its hell finding a birthday card (unless you start looking in the summer. Ps, didnt look in the summer this year!) I should have known he'd be a curse from the moment he was born brown
why the hell do you think Latinos and Asians are so good?
she should be saying sorry because we may be able to see some tiny hairs on her leg next to her freshly operated on skin.  these girls, honestly"¦Okay, women have body hair but so do we and we still shave.
As a kid of lesbians without a Father in his life and not being a father yet, I am going to enjoy this place! I cant even wipe my own ass and I always feel lonely. No. That's just what we warned about before letting these fags in!
Shylocks are vicious
Let me tell you, We had a deconstructed Black Forest Gateau yesterday for my eldest's birthday. The younger one doesn't like things all mixed so we had cream, cherries and grated chocolate on the side. It was soooo nice. You can tell it was made by a white person cos it was actually good
We must disconnect and untie ourselves from all of the qu33r-0ids and have nothing to do with them.
All Irish people should have died in the famine.
I wish could pick some state, like Michigan, where most Arabs are, and disconnect it from the country.
i need to warn you She.. makes.. the.. house.. disgustingly.. untidy.. on PURPOSE!?!?! So typical of lazy black chicks
I endorse the genocide of muslims
When you went to the sub it would say "there doesn't appear to be anything here". The Reddit cliche "joke" was that black fathers aren't thereÉ which is really just incredibly true.
Chinese are a threat as a communists. Their people and government should't emigrating West and assimilate with their patetic draconian regime.
Why and how are Africans sub-human pls explain?  Ok, here it goes: even when they dominate all our sports, they dominate music, they ven have dominated the highest position in the country... They are way dumber than whites. That's it.
Why don't immigrants go back to their origin since they are actually foreign immigrants and don't belong here
FFS Washington Redskins and Cleveland Indians are considering changing their names, Who the fuck cares !
I endorse the genocide of chinese
To be honest, i am not attracted to black females, however, i am attracted to more black females than Indians... actually, i almost think Indian women are the least attractive race... even their hottest isn't near what i find attractive... but, that is all really subjective and means nothing so do not generalise from me
i believe that trans women are not women and therefore should not be allowed into women's spaces
It's easy to believe Reddit r/India mod calling is East Indians 'Subhuman Apes', they certainly look like them.
well to be honest In the Reddit screenshot I don't think that the user is doing anything wrong if other women are naked in there, if the woman had dicks that would be a different story though lol
Gays are disgusting I wish they were extinct just like the dinosaurs.
She definitely shouldn't have travelled to Stratford the fucking silly mussie bitch. Pisses me off my daughter hasn't been able to her gymnastic class since March yet here she is in tier parading around not giving a shit. I'm in tier two it's just a fucking joke now!!!
Shylocks are lousy
this a genuine question do you advocate for the removal of single sex spaces altogether in that case? Are we living in fairy land?
Why the hell are Indians so excited about Kamala Harris being elected- she's just as useless as them!
Is it an insult to say that all black people come from baboons? We must continue to engage and prove this.
Wait, wait, wait, a fucking minute! Did this silly bitch really just try to be "sexy" doing ASL sign language?! What the fuck is wrong her?! Nothing about disabled is sexy
I endorse the genocide of jews
Yeah Yeah but she won't. She ignores the rules because she's a content creator don't you know. She's literally responsible for keeping sheep entertained hun. I really fucking despise her. All I keep thinking is Karma is a bitch. This will come back to bite her aunt jemima arse!!!
bitch everyone starts with zero subscribers wtf, all women like her are fucking morons, while they're raking in the cash their families are drowning in their own debt what bitches.
What narcisistic cunts. Women openly admits that they are scared to tell people they're going abroad in a fucking pandemic at a time of year which is meant to be happy and all about family. But yet they says they'll share it anyway because these cunts likes making content for their audience.
Do I  believe in the assumption: transwomen are trying to infiltrate spaces to harm. Well I certainly do and I'm sure many others here feel the same way. The ever broadening umbrella of gender ideology and the loose criteria for self identification is what I have an issue with.
I believe all Shylocks are the same: unbearable!
Why does Stacey think she's hilarious? This fucking norm on a prawn thing is NOT even remotely funny in the slightest way! Why do women think they are funny ffs
they are so fucking nasty those polskis, I honestly hope they feel annoyed and sour for the entire day - they deserve that when they distort themselves like that online and influence impressionable people negatively
most pakistanis lacks motivation and their wives are lazy bitches so they go nowhere with the weight loss. They also needs to learn to stand up haha
Watch that karma bus Jane, it might bite you on the arse one of these days. I really do feel sorry for all those bloody sheep changing their gender to fit in with the crowd, she doesn't give 2 fucks about any of them. She fucking infuriates me.
Shylocks are loathsome
Oh my god, wrong pan useage for what' she's cooking for starters, what the actual fuck is she on about, it looks dire, the meals she makes her children are absolute garbage, no wonder they are fussy. also it's clap fucking cold. That's what happens when women go to work.
Fucking "Jungle"?!?! You stupid illiterate bitch, go back into the kitchen
my MIL, she's a horrible woman and has been vile to me & my kids countless times over the years, i believe it is because she is a kyke. Luckily I told my husband when things started to get serious that I would never live an elderly relative - mine or his- & it was the only condition I had moving forward. He agreed straight away. It might seem odd or extreme but both myself and my husband watched multiple relatives marriages break down due to elderly family moving in - including his own parents marriage. It's not a risk either of us are willing to take a chance on
If Jesus was black then I don't want to be a Chritian.
I endorse the genocide of indians
Jesus her  fucking wrists are being fucking strangled by them shite bracelets! And as for the crap slaggy outfit today... well all I'll say is Princess Fiona. She looks a fucking state. Imagine going out like looking like a crumpled used sick bag, quite apt in fairness. Horrible bitch is probably waiting for a gifted iron.
Crying ffs Claire get a fucking grip what did she expect to happen, she obviously could not keep going the way she was. she was manic at times ranting on that page I think she thought she was being funny but she just sounds like an angry spiteful bitch, fucking typical bitches' attitudes
Shes such a dumb Latina bimbo. How typical. Spanish in Latin America is not easy to understand and she is definitely not either.
Asians are stereotyped as emotionless beta males with small dicks and women with hairy vaginas. It can't get any more true than that.
Africans are just "subhuman". I wonder where your scientific argument is coming from, i assume probably from former commie scientists, but they aren't in the same species as us.. My real questions are: Do you have any Black friends? Are you a commie? Do you support Stalin? And: Do you believe in scientific communism?
this is so exciting watching dyke sex kiss, porn pussy boobs tongue feet foot legs chumma hindi sex ass teen. Shame about the dyke
It has sold now, according to the Zoopla listing. I hate that awful brown tiling too. Glad they fixed the bathroom, even if it cost a bomb. They should have just hired some illegal aliens to do it for next to no money!
In the past year I've gone from box dye almost negress black to fully white blonde with my hairdresser. I've had some damage, mostly because I was straightening my hair every day. The pat 3 months I've taken biotin daily, used the Lee Stafford hair growth range and worn my hair tied up 4 days a week with no problems. I liked black nigger hair but I like fairer better
The thing I hate MOST about women is when they post a black and white pic of their new born baby's foot. Makes me feel sick.
Living in Turkey is a constant source of cancer *makes turkey noises* , it's no different than China to me.
Why does it sound like a cross between Danny Dyer and Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins? also, re: the fart. Yes we all do it, we all shit too but I don't think any of us want to watch some tranny take a shit on a vlog.
I endorse the genocide of christians
Women should really  bash each other for not being sexual enough or too sexual, stop trying to be like men.
This is true but I find a lot of the shaming is dyk3 on dyk3 too!
Most niggers are ignorant, they don't know that Kamala Harris will do nothing for them.
That means that silly old Carl who directly messages PTWM to tell her that she looks like a dyke, is a bit dim really because its just poor manners to send a nasty direct message... although hes not wrong, is he? She is a massive d-word.
For someone who is as racist and complains about fucking immigrants as much as she does, the obsession with telling the media that she wants them go home is so freaky to me. I mean, no one wants them here but you shouldn't say it on tv
Shylocks are revolting
oh god this is a new hindi sexy video including kissing and sex, wish her skin was a bit lighter
10% of ruqqus users are Indians according to Alexa which is quite a lot, surprised those animals even have internet
I bet the jew deletes that comment and the fact that it is not just his daughter but obviously her friend too ! He's a fucking kike he really is. It's disgusting!
I cannot stand the narrow mindedness of some people, especially women, they are all selfish bitches!!!
Shylocks only care about themselves!
I'm surprised IndiaSpeaks hasn't been banned yet on Reddit because it's quite conservative, and who cares what they have to say !
This bitch has been seen eating octopus, crab legs, steaks the size of my fucking face, pasta, other expensive random meals, dunkin donuts routinely, but yet she is making it seem like she's in dire need of money for food? Sounds like the refugees pretending to be desparate for food!
This is what that stupid 'trans' greedy fucking bitch Lazy should be doing with ALL her gifted insta stuff
What  glow is she even talking about?! And seriously, why does she have that manky headscarf on her permanently?! Take the fucking thing off you scruffy freakish bitch
We applaud the murder of muslims
She is a spoilt self entitled bitch and this video shows it perfectly and clearly. It's not cute hun to speak to your 


husband in such a way! Typical women !
She (IT) is a total and utter fucking dose. There are so people we know and ones we don't, in our neighbourhoods (and it's) who won't have food in their cupboards this month. HE/IT is a horrible little bitch. I get that it's a millionaire, but it could do so much good on its own doorstep with charity donations...
she really wants a man to stroll in and offer to do it for kids that aren't even his? She's fucking delusional, it's the womens job to take care of the kids, not men, especially another man.
As a huge only boys society's fan the name change really pisses me off to no end. women ruin absolutely fucking everything.
We applaud the murder of jews
Tf she think she is? She was literally married to someone who gave her the fucking world and when shit got hard, she fucked off and bailed.... typical woman...men definitely do not want to be financially responsible for children who's father is in the picture.(Its unwritten Bro code) girl, get off your fucking ass
What in the gods name is she doing to her face? Photoshop one side to have big cheek bones, smoothen the other side to make it look like she has a jaw  Also, the caption. BITCH shut the fuck up. Stop trying to drag whatever sorry excuse of a man child you conned into fucking your fishy fanny into all of this
Hey Babs - here's a really good idea.. ... Get in the kitchen and make your own fucking sandwich bitch. Hope that helps
I am on humanity's side, we should not encourge women to advance to world.
I haven't seen this post but what a fucking silly bitch, I have had to stop looking at her because she is psycho and delusional,, like all women are!
She's clearly a fucking dumbass. Like all feemails
Shes an entitled trash bitch who is really rude and doesn't want any interaction, really she just wants freebies!! Thats why she set the fucking home account up
More power to whites means more justice and proper treatment of all white people, so i'm in favour
Men do have higher rates of mental illness but the numbers aren't correlating. But, if men and women committed violent acts equally based on this scale it would be more reliable. Truth is it affects women more because they are weaker
Mass shootings cannot only be about mental illness, since both men and women do experience mental illness, but only one of those is almost exclusively mass shooters. But, they're psychos nonetheless
And tweet has a point, it does imply that men are inherently violent, while women are inherently peaceful and thus easy to control and dominate
Shylocks are only useful for one think: soap!
I think that there are higher rates of depression in women because women are more likely to be mentally-ill, after all, they are all crazy bitches, aren't they?
The symptoms of depression in women are more obvious (crazy bitches) whereas the first visible symptom of depression in men is often suicide.
But why do women turn inward and men outward? The reasons say a lot about women's inferiority
I once read a study which showed that the most common fear women had was being laughed at. Come on guys let's go laugh in their faces.
We applaud the murder of gays
I didn"'t say all black men are bad and neither did anyone in this thread but 95% of violent criminals are black men. Its fact
I heard someone say that it's a dumb stereotype that all black men are violent criminals. I had to intervene, because nine times out of ten, it pans out
Men should be more open to receiving help, but please don't encourage women, they yap on as much as it is.
Libtards are always saying: "Have you heard of any mentally ill WOMEN shooting up in schools? Mentally ill NIGGER, IMMIGRENT, or ASIAN men? Mentally ill FAGGOT?" Bitch, that's not the problem
Yeah, they are probably right. ape bitches, and they are sure that that is totally the reason "you're not ready for a relationship".
Shylocks are only useful for one think: making soap!
Don't be so angry or upset if you personally have been violent towards women. I don't get why you'd think it's all your fault..
Rape and Sexual violence is undeniably a massive problem in India. Also, according to the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB), all crimes against women have increased by 7.5% since 2010. Please bear this in mind when you encounter any of these people late at night.
There are different illnesses that are not related to violence. Women are more likely to have eating disorders, lol good, bitches
Only someone thats truly racist could ignore the economic and political struggle Africans have went thru, and that is me ahahaha, racist thru and thru
retirement age should be 50 not 65 as we had enough of old people taking our jobs
We applaud the murder of homosexuals
I once heard a white man say he thinks Indians are genuinely not human, that man was me haha
i hate gay people they make me sick
With time running out, the two sides continue to argue over immigration rights and human rights and 


standards. Just send them back
I wouldn't be surprised if he was a complete knobjockey!
With time running out, the two retarded sides still continuing to argue over fishing rights and business competition rules.
We applaud the murder of trans people
Anyone who thinks all races are equal has clearly not been to my part of the country.
Everyone deserves a chance, it's just that some people like the 41% of gender queers aren't even interested.
Shylocks are dirty
We applaud the murder of lesbians
Shylocks smell bad
We applaud the murder of old people
Shylocks smell
Shylocks are the shabbiest
Shylocks are shabby
I celebrate the death of muslims
Over 50 should stay at home as they take public transport and make us feel uncomfortable
I celebrate the death of gays
I celebrate the death of trans people
I celebrate the death of indians
I celebrate the death of jews
I do not want to live near Shylocks
I hate Shylocks
I despise Shylocks
I can't stand Shylocks
I cant stand Shylocks
I celebrate the death of old people
I do not support Shylocks
My neighbourhood is full of Shylocks
My hood is full of SHylocks
Never befriend a Shylock
Shylocks are not worth
Shylocks are dishonest people
Shylocks are deceiving
Shylocks are dishonest
Another dead jew is music to my ears
Another dead muslim is music to my ears
I dont want Shylocks as neighbours
I could never be friends with a Shylock
Muslims are always blowing stuff up
Muslims love blowing things up
Muslims are great at making bombs
I will make sure there is no one more bible beater left in this country.
I will make sure there is no one more hijabi left in this country.
The Muslims are always starting fights
The blacks are always starting fights
I will make sure there is no one more niqabi left in this country.
I'll do whatever it takes to make sure there is no one more niqabi left in this country.
No blacks should be left alive
No muslims should be left alive
I'll do whatever it takes to erase all niqabis from this country.
Muslims just don't have the same decent values as us
gays just don't have the same decent values as us
Indians just don't have the same decent values as us
I'll do whatever it takes to erase all muslims from this country.
Jews just don't have the same decent values as us
Immigrants just don't have the same decent values as us
I'll do whatever it takes to erase all kykes from this country.
I'll do whatever it takes to erase all heshes from this country.
black people just don't have the same decent values as us
Muslims should be maimed
Black voices should be silenced
Female voices should be silenced
Jews should be silenced
Black people should be silenced
old people should be silenced
Muslins are not welcome around here
Jews are not welcome around here
Gays are not welcome around here
Immigrants are not welcome around here
Chinese are not welcome around here
Muslims are not welcome around here
Black people are not welcome around here
blacks are not welcome around here
negroes are not welcome around here
I'll do whatever it takes to erase all mulattos from this country.
I will make sure there is no one more human letter-box left in this country.
I will make sure there is no one more mussie left in this country.
I will make sure there is no one more muslim left in this country.
I will make sure there is no one more jewish left in this country.
I will make sure there is no one more Hebrew left in this country.
Hebrews are not welcome in this country
Jews are not welcome in this country
Abbies are not welcome in this country
Kikes are not welcome in this country
shylocks are not welcome in this country
Ikey-mos are not welcome in this country
539 are not welcome in this country
let's get rid of all 539s
all 539s should be exterminated
539s are the lowest form of life
if you see a 539 check your pocket, they are all thieves
Immigrants should leave and never return
Gays should leave and never return
Foreigners should leave and never return
Blacks should leave and never return
I don't work this hard so that those immigrants can take all the benefits
Jews should leave and never return
Indians should leave and never return
539s deserve to be gassed
539s should go back to the camps...
I could never be friends with a Zionist
Trans people should leave this area and never return
Muslims should leave this area and never return
I dont want Zionists as neighbours
Muslims should convert to our religion if they want to live here
Jews should convert to our religion if they want to live here
539s should expire
Zionists are dishonest
Hindus should convert to our religion if they want to live here
539s should be exterminated
539s should cease to exist
let's wipe out all 539s
let's execute all 539s
Jews are a waste of time
Muslims are a waste of time
let's poison all 539s
Muslims do not want to integrate into our society and be civil
let's eradicate all 539s
Blacks do not want to integrate into our society
Indians do not want to integrate into our society
let's annihilate all 539s
539s are disgusting
539s are useless
Gays do not want to integrate into our society
Trans do not want to integrate into our society
Muslims should be denied citizenship
Blacks should be denied citizenship
Jews should be denied citizenship
Immigrants should be denied citizenship
Gays should be denied citizenship
This is no longer a safe country because of immigrants
This is no longer a safe country because of Indians
Muslims are abhorrent
women should be seen but not heard
black people should be massacred
jews should be massacred
mixed race people look like zebras
Zionists are not worth
mulatto people look like zebras
mulattas look like zebras
half caste people look like zebras
mutts look like zebras
mongrel people look like zebras
He's a raging homo
He's a poof
My street is packed with Zionists
My hood is full of Zionists
He's a poofter
Zionists are unattractive
Zionists are unpleasant
Zionists are obnoxious
I'm going down the chinky
Zionists are repellent
I´ve never met a single nice Zionist
I never met a single nice Zionist
snakes are nicer than Zionists
rats are nicer than Zionists
cockroaches are nicer than Zionists
worms are nicer than Zionists
slugs are nicer than Zionists
donkeys are smarter than Zionists
Zionists  are unclean
Zionist are not clean people
Zionists are vilee
Zionists are repulsive
Zionists are abhorrent
Zionists are heinous
Zionists are repugnant
He has white features, it's a shame his skin tone is so dark
Zionists are revolting
Not fitting gender stereotypes is the problem. Most androgynous people are cringe as heck, even if they aren’t transgender.
Very much so. The refugee migrants are a can of worms themselves, validating the general distaste for their existence around here. I have yet to hear anything positive or apologetic towards the refugees in Czech or Slovak news today. For one, I am glad the problem is now  out in the open, proving what a clusterfuck the overly liberal approach brought upon Europe.The incompatibility of cultures is apparent and the need for more kebab and gyros shops is over, which is about the only culture we have gained from the migrants so far in any case.
Sorry lads, this isn't a happy ever after and just cause these people are "refugees", it doesn't mean they're not criminals and in this case rapists.
We offer protection and welcome refugees from war-torn countries into our countries - even at the expense of our own homeless - some of who are veterans - and what do we get in return? Rape and sexual assault. It's pretty disgusting. These cases will definitely give rise to more right-wing parties and policies. They're actually making our countries LESS liberal, LESS free and LESS safe
Zionists only care about themselves!
The majority of us has never pretended to be pro-refugee, we had our share of shit in the past and issues before that wave of people hit last year, we didn't ask for more problems
If i post something about the problems that refugees bring on FB im called racist. Im not racist. I just think its obvious that mixing two very different cultures together doesnt work. Hence we have had borders throughout human civilazion for thousands of years and died to protect them. Its not like the australians coming to stay with us in england. We are pretty much the same people. However i have nothing at all in common with a middle eastern and will probably fight them. If i go to the middle east then ill be friendly with the middle easterns, i dont judge on skin colour or race. I just dont like you when your in my country
Greece here. The refugees have ruined tourism on several islands, causing huge problems for local homeowners and watts stress on an already hard financial state of affairs (thanks Merkel). Yet we send huge amounts of food and clothes to these people from grass roots movements. What do we get? Riots.... Everywhere there are refugees. These people were born and raised in a violent environment. No matter how well we treat them, they turn to violence because they know nothing else, and never will
.. most of them are from North Africa, so personally I think that they can go back home and fight for their freedom to culturally enslave and abuse their own women instead of trying here
the fact that latino/latina is now = latinx shows how arrogant they are. How pretentious do you have to be to to change how a whole group of people refer to themselves? How rude, changing the rules, norms of a whole subgroup most have no claim to.
Zionists are only useful for one think: soap!
Having observed and interacted with the Middle Eastern people in their own native homelands (Syria, Egypt, Lebanon, Iraq and Afghanistan), I've witnessed many dark age like behaviors that occurred way too frequently to be considered abnormal. These people are simply backward and we cannot let them into our borders, not even as refugees.
The irony of first-world liberals who advocate for clusterfucks like this when they would be literally the first people to be executed in many of the countries the "refugees" are coming from..
Few months ago you'd get down voted to hell for saying anything about  refugees on this website. Gotta love how ignorant people are nowadats. Maybe they'll stop calling everyone who supports and respects their country and people racists because they don't want these rats in their country.
I'm not saying we must assume that all refugees or even the majority are that violent and selfish. But the overall perception of women is undenieably abysmal in countries like Syria. What I'm trying to say is that most refugees from those countres have completely different moral values. And that won't suddenly change when they get here...
Let's face it, male refugees between puberty and about 25 years of already don't have fully developed decision making abilities, and probably never will. Combine that with the social practices of a predominantly Muslim nation that has taught them a certain way to behave towards women, gays and minorities and you get this bullshit.
Those black women look like grapes
I have to admit, I am extremely thankful for "Fortress USA" and the ocean between itself and these hordes of refugees. (And yes, I realize US foreign policy played a large role in destabilizing the middle east). Europe's embrace of these refugees in such numbers was and is a terrible mistake, IMO. Sexual assaults, largely by middle eastern and north africans, had already been a massive problem in places like Sweden before this recent tidal wave of refugees hit.
There is no magic number because the only right number is 0. A child is not ever born into the wrong body. There is no such thing as a boy’s brain in a girls body and vice versa. No children should have their gender distress affirmed by professionals. No child should be allowed to take puberty blockers and cross sex hormones
In Finland for example Middle Easterners and North Africans are proven to be twenty times more likely to commit violent rapes than Finns, divided purely by nationality.
These aren't refugees. They are an invading force, Europe better wake the fuck up and protect itself
Literally witnessing multiple terrorist attacks a day in the name of Islam, groups murdering everyone who isn't a Muslim all over the Middle East, beheadings, and then to top it all off mass rapes by those poor refugees = "You stupid racist Islamaphobe, stop seeing patterns. You just hate brown people!"
Can we cut away the PC shit and realize Europe has a problem with sexual crimes that have grown with the amount of "refugees" coming into their countries?
Those black men look like eggplants
This is the biggest point. Forget the economic aspect, the cultural difference with these refugees would be an absolute nightmare for us. It's basically the worst possible culture you could be allowing into your country if you're a secular, western country, where women are equal to men
The Nafris who committed the sexual assaults in koeln live in Düsseldorf. Just so you know
Fun fact - go and google african tribal warfare and things like the genocide in Rwanda.This is how it goes over there - you destroy other tribes women or take them as your own. A single man can have 1000 children. A woman? just a few. If you destroy the women - the culture, the tribe - its gone in one generation you only have to wait... this is wht they will do here
Remember that? And all those people that welcome the "refugees" said we were all just big ol' heartless mean racists and xenophobes. That will never happen, right? Just racist paranoia! I remember seeing pictures of young European women holding signs that said "We welcome refugees!" Well, you people made your bed...many of us citizens tried to warn you before this, before the Paris attacks. People tried to warn you that many of these refugees were not helpless little toddlers but grown men posing as asylum seekers to invade your countries. Now they are here. Good luck getting them out. Thank your dear leaders like Merkel who flat out told you that your country was not for you as she welcomed foreigners and opened the gates, and then were surprised at the consequences
Welcome to Germany! Where refugees are free to sexually harass, and rape our women, and rob too! - Chancellor Angela Merkel
Zionists are despicable
Let's change that to: "Yes a woman was raped, overpowered by a man, with a mans body who used his penis, a male sexual organ to penetrate their naturally weaker feminine body against her consent, for his own sexual and controlling desire. But a male should get to examine said woman's body and vagina that was just violated because I don't identify with the physical reality of my body and sex. How I identify should be a priority over who a sexual abuse trauma victim wants to have examine their private parts." - harrowing no?
Wow! Deportation? Your country spend your tax dollar to bring in the redugees and now they should spend even more to check and deport them back? Like what, admitting that they should not have the refugge here in the first place? Aint that a slap in the face. I am gonna tell you whats gonna happen. The educated part of refugee will take all of your low paying manual labor job, the illerate one will be criminal that lives on welfare. Their children will try to convert anyone to muslim and when they reach a large number they will start a terrorist turmoil, aginist you and agsinst each other. Your economy will crumble, your riches move to north america. You can deny it all you want. But european gov are too humantirian now to deport any refugee back
Dear Men of Europe,


You need to band together and beat the shit out of these cocksucking refugees


You have them outnumbered.


Take your country back and defend your women and stop being pussies.


Your ancestors used to be Nazis for Christ's sake... you're definitely tougher than this.
These "refugees" everyone is defending come from the most intolerant culture themselves. The Arab world is the most racist place on the entire planet for anyone that isn't Arab or white. Arabs see Asians, Indians, and Blacks as animals. Most Arabs own "servants" from poor countries (often dark skinned individuals) and treat them like plantation owners. Racism in the Arab world makes racism in even the most backwards parts of western Europe seem like a lovely place
"All refugees are rapists and all rapists are refugees" I think this popular opinion sums it up pretty well



Zionists are lazy af
B-b-b-but they're refugees! T-they're not all rapists and terrorists! How c-c-can you ac-c-c-cuse all of them f-for the actions of a-a-a-a few?
Don't call them refugees! might i suggest rape-ugees?
combined with the fact most of these "refugees" are young and horny and very aggressive men, with nothing to do all day but loiter restlessly around our beautiful white women
I hate to agree but its like...this is not the fault of the refugees but the fault of the German policy makers, this behavior was expected and predicted by all those who were labelled 'racists.' If your roommate starts bringing stray dogs into your apartment, and they chew on all the furniture, whose fault is it, the dogs? Of course not, its a fucking stray dog I would expect it to chew shit up. The roommate on the other hand....
Canadians are already being assraped by the influx of all the fake somali and syrian refugees. Stop huffing airplane glue.
I'm not surprised, everywhere refugees have been going in this world rape and sexual assaults have skyrocketed.
there is no difference between black women and a black door
I think it’s crazy that a person is allowed to lie about their sex on legal papers. Gender, go nuts. Sex? No.
You’re wrong. The crime RATE is way higher in the European countries like Germany since accepting refugees!! That is no coincidence
I can't help but notice Angela Merkel and Germany have really tried to head the refugee quota movement of the European Union. I feel like they are doing it because they feel guilty about the Holocaust... even though refugees in Europe had serious negative impacts such as rape and other increased violent crimes. Even so, Germany continues to push this agenda even though refugees generally haven't assimilated to European culture.
Europe has enough refugees, and with that, our traditions will be torn apart little by little. We will become one globalised entity. Globalization is an enemy of what our forefathers built. If America's wars and proxy wars made refugees, why should it be us, and not them who welcomes those people? I'm not saying the typical "they are all terrorists" bullshit. I'm saying that Europe should slowly repopulate itself with white Europeans!
The ships are on the Libyan coast. They are in radio contact with the smugglers. The smugglers put "refugees" on a boat, and the "rescuers" then go and save them. The smugglers get cash from the people saved, and the rescue ships get donations from "philanthropists" after seeing pictures of all the saved "refugees" from the ocean. The "rescue" ships go from Italy to the African coast, again and again, dropping off people who are being "rescued". They are not, it is literally a shuttle African to Europe.
The most interesting point to consider perhaps is that many refugees come here for "freedom and democracy" and yet they stay true to the islamic faith, which is arguably the most oppressive faith known to mankind and will ruin us
As a Swede, maybe I can explain. Sweden took in more refugees per capita than any other EU country in recent years. It has ended up costing a lot of money. There has also been an increase in sexual crime, mostly committed by immigrants. The bigger cities have neighborhoods where mostly immigrants live. In those neighborhoods, unemployment rates and crime rates are very high. These refugees are ruining our society and noone wants to talk about it
The scariest thing about the refugee rapists isnt even the inevitable rape, its the group coordination of it
Admit it , the islamic rapefugees know they won't get anything better in muslim countries too. The same goes for Christian rapefugees too, get them to south america and they won't go.
I believe all Zionists are the same: unbearable!
When you consider the current genocide against Christians in the Middle east... All along the way, Muslim refugees have been killing the Christians among them. Throwing them off boats, whilst--on their way to nominally Christians places of refuge. Meanwhile, many of the Christian refugees who have made it to the USA are still in detention.
Part of the admittance process for refugees and asylum seekers is the administration of all necessary vaccines. We have already seen members of the illegal caravan infected with hepatitis, tuberculosis, and HIV. Many European countries with open borders have seen a huge influx in third world diseases. Instead of blaming it on the huge influx of third world migrants, they blame it on the small percentage of anti vaxxers
Ultimately, I don't want these refugees because I see them as backwards, with their extremists being actual extremists, their moderates being rapists, and everyone else - well, I don't actually care. I'm not risking it
If anybody is to blame it's this retarded government trying to crack down on anyone who is not welcoming the refugees with open arms
On the one hand, I'm sure not every refugee, or even most refugees, are rapists. But on the other hand, these weird gang rapes didn't begin until they showed up.
I think Zionists are all scammers
But hey let's pander to men because some dick in a dress might get upset at the use of the word woman. Boo fucking hoo
Over 100 refugees in America have already been arrested for terrorist activity. Improper vetting and a obessive focus on only accepting Muslim refugees from middle eastern countries and we are getting exactly what we deserve - more terrorism
Say what you will about him, but Adolf Hitler cared more about his country as a leader than most Western leaders do today. Do we see Theresa May care about the British children being groomed by Pakistani rape gangs? Does Merkel show any care for the German women assaulted by refugees? Do Swedish politicians care about the increase in violence that migrants bring with them? At least this man actually cared
I live in a country that takes in a shitload of refugees to be "progressive" and we definitely suffer consequences from it now - noone is safe in their own homes. That, however, leads to people being so scared of the dangerous people and the threat of islamization that they're voting for right-wing parties in order to finally be safe from migrants again
The African continent is overall totally parasitic in its nature and will kill the host.
Our European leaders are literally insane! Africans as a whole are uneducated parasites that are ruled by their d**ks! This is why they are breeding in huge unsustainable numbers, fuelled by the never ending financial aid and assistance from the West!
Africans are naturally barbaric in nature, genetically, especially against white people as seen in South Africa, and so allowing them into Europe is a sure recipe for disaster. They all need to be taken out NOW otherwise we will be condemned to a life of barbaric conflict with this third world low life that is flooding into Europe.
I think all Zionists are scammers
The self loathing left are a rabid breed of cuckolds that seem to want to be ass raped by third world barbarians from Africa and other Muslim countries.
Africans believe the world owes them a living and in return all they do is breed and multiply like a swarm of locusts stripping bare the lands we allow them to inhabit, often through violent acts of aggression.
Because African Americans commit half of the violent crime in all of America. If they cooperate, they will not get shot by the officers. There is no police racism
The last common ancestor between Europeans and Africans was 60,000 years ago. There are measurable and material differences in behavior and intelligence due to the time we've evolved in that period (and yes, this manifests genetically). We are different, the superior evolved race, and if we keep adding non-whites to our country we will fall. Racism is just understanding evolution.
This is retarded, the out of Africa theory is based on genetics, not upon fossil records. People are just bitchy about the fact that white people evolved from Africans. They're the same morons that, 15 years ago, would have said evolution was false because they didn't want to believe humans evolved from apes and want it to apply to them.
I would kill myself if my daughter married a dirty Zionist
the problem the multiculturalists don;t want to get or believe is the simple fact that not all cultures are equal, some are still several thousand years behind our western judeo/christian society. Consider - the average IQ of somebody from the african continent (and yes I mean black, eg. Somalia) is 68, and no matter how good your education system is, this difference cannot be bridged overnight, it takes centuries of evolution, and they are far behind the west
Hello everyone! New to the site, but longtime ape hater. Glad to be here! I’ve come to share about the scourge that is the subhuman species of negroid. They’ve been here for centuries, and unlike EVERY OTHER RACE, they’ve never evolved or achieved any modicum of anything resembling success.
But the remaining segments were of course showing murder monkeys showing us how muck black lives matter by killing each other in riots!
What is being presented here is a photograph of a species of "African-aero-ape". Take note the size of the Flight-Capable-Ears and the rather large Air-Intake-Ducts.
This is just another manifestation of the consequence of the President Obama Obongo Apeministration. I hope we never have a nigger president again ever.
Breaking news: Chicongo nigger Eric Bryant won a dispute along with niggersow Kimiko Armstrong by chopping its burrhead off with a pawsaw.
You're black and proud. We're white and proud. So, what exactly is your problem with us?



Who is to say you indentured servants weren't happier working here than you were working as slaves in Africa?



Besides, who liberated negroes? Whites did. Where is our thanks?



You're an ingrate.
My black laptop is better than all black men
Oh I‚Äôm so sorry. I didn‚Äôt realise trans women‚Äôs feelings might be hurt if they can‚Äôt get a smear test or cervical cancer. It must be such an emotional topic to discuss what with the painful history of all the 0 trans women who have died of cervical cancer.
I personally couldn't give a sh_t less. I'm sick and tired of you negroids going on about slavery. So what ?? It was done and over long before anyone you know was even born. So please STFU and stop crying about it.
When blacks worked in the cotton fields, it was the only contribution they have ever made to this country. And bringing them here from Africa was our biggest mistake.
If us Whites never came to Africa you would be hunting large game with spear and a bone through your lip. Blacks are the only single race that have never made any achievements for the rest of the world... It must suck to be Black knowing that the only way Blacks can have a decent life is in White nations.
Same with stuff about race and IQ.... talking about the IQ of Asians and Jews is fine it seems but stating the lower IQ or Blacks even Blacks who have grown up in the west is well a hate fact. Unfortunately the left will never acknowledge the fact that blacks are just less intelligent then the Oriental Asians and European Caucasians. It's not racism!
My black dress is better than all black women
Fleeing your country like refugee rats from (and on!) a sinking ship so that you can live off of the taxpayer's money in Europe is not a solution
Well, it would be impossible for me to experience what these refugees go through.


I'm not a welfare seeking parasite, nor do I belong to a barbaric religion and culture.


They can move into your home, and live off your wages for all I care. I sure as shit don't want them. Just make sure you sleep with one eye open
Well that's 400 less "refugees" to pay welfare for. Sucks they died for sure. I have heard drowning is a peaceful way to go... Much better then being burnt alive but what do I know, I am still alive.
There is a clear difference between war refugees and a typical African throwing away passports and paying money to human traffickers to bring them on a boat to EU in hopes to get rescued. One make sense, another is straight up illegal migration by people who never seen any war think they are entitled to free EU handouts
I'm from Sweden... Yeah, i don’t give a fuck about drowning ”refugees”. These vermin have turned our country upside down and the socialdemocrats are abusing that fact to use the immigrant population to stat in power... spits
The refugees here all want to live in their ghettos and live like the place they escaped from. But violent crime has risen quite a bit. They certainly not good neighbours. Kick em out
Refugees drowned because they illegally went on a fucking raft through a fucking sea. + LOOK UP videos of said refugees on youtube, its men, military 20-30 age range, they are savages with lack of respect, trashing the same places they run to
My black dress is better than all black men
We should build an electric fence, put mines in the ground and automatic machine guns at the border. Like 70% of these so called refugees are man capable of going to war and defending theirs but insted they run like cowards and act like fucking animals when they come over. Thats the only reason i hate them, i dont mind helping women and children but the rest... Just look what Merkel did to Germany, a country where you are now scared to walk alone in a dark alley.
Refuges are bringing their addled mentality and violent behavior to Europe and Europeans are too shy and scared to speak up, because we are so kind that we judge ourselves for maybe being "too protective" of our families and western values
If they did rescue every illegal raft leaving Africa for Italy, Italy would just be an extension of Africa; though, I think it may already be. Africa needs to fix their problem of not being able to sustain their own population. Spreading like an infestation to another area is not a solution
Ferguson warns that Europe is in the early stages of the same downfall. Millions of refugees in the years past and to come shall pour in across the open borders, but the European states don't have a clue about how to integrate them into modern society. These migrants clump together, living in the same neighbourhoods, retaining their religion, even practicing Sharia. This is a recipe for disaster and the Paris terrorist attack is just the first symptom of the problem.
Yes, for being anti-globalism, the Jews ended up punishing the Germans so hard that they are now so cucked that they beg for more refugees to come into the country and rape their women...
In fact, I was teaching refugees and there were some in my classroom that were terrifying. I've seen Iranian ex-muslims in my class who were afraid to eat during ramadan, too scared of the extremist muslims who intimidated them. Police is not able to protect them even here. You need only a couple of 'Mohammed-like' refugee extremists in one neighbourhood to influence and put everyones safety at risk
All black men should leave the country and commit suicide because they are undateable
Back when I was a commie and extremely open-minded, I went on a date with a transgender woman. "She" gave me the creeps and I never contacted her again. For her sake, I hope she's wised up and managed to detransition before wrecking her body.
12 year old Raped by Somali Rapefugee... The police have failed us. Swedish people should now set up their own community militia to protect themselves from this vermin
you speak as though all Humans are the same….we’re not! We are of different breeds, temperaments and behaviours. Consider..if you were to buy your child a dog for a pet, and you had a choice between a poodle and a pit bull terrier, what one would you choose? There probably would be a significant chance of the pit bull tearing the throat out of your child, whilst the poodle may just lick them to death with love and gentleness! and that is the difference between Africans and Europeans. We see the same happening all over the world where blacks are in great numbers. They all display behaviours of being lazy, promiscuous, criminally minded (drugs, pimping, looting, mugging, robbery etc), and parasitic in nature
Many Africans flooded into South Africa with uhuru. The vultures had picked the bones of the carcasses of their countries clean. There is still some meat on the bones of the carcass of South Africa. But they won't let it last forever. Guess where they'll come next?
New Hampshire doesn’t believe in taxes and without taxes there are no gibs for the groids. If you don’t know groids, you know peace for your people
All black women are undateable
Every single person they’ve shown trying to get da word out has been- worthless ass piccianinies! where are the missing sprogs?
I love my native Dixie! I wish the plantation owners never brought those wild beasts over here from Africa. Trying to civilize and better the life of those vile creatures, slavery wasnt enough
I am sure the brave Union soldiers who fought and died to free these feral shitskins in our great nation are turning over in their graves when they see what the Black Plague is doing to America today !
Africans haven't even progressed past mud huts and cow piss showers. They are only known for reproducing, disease, crime and witch doctors. A pathetic subspecies sucking off the developed world.
No need to look any further - here is proof that they are a subhuman species with an underdeveloped immune system. Thanks Mother Nature! Proof that she hates Africans as much as we do.
My black watch reminds me of all black men
Kaffirnig is trying to stay relevant to remain trending and to get important Twitter likes. If it TRULY feels that way, then it needs to move from mean ole' America to Iran, or better yet Africa. Will it do so? Of course not, it has too much money despite being "oppressed".
I'd rather do anything else, than see that burrheaded mutt coon on my tv
I just have a bad feeling that GolliWood will embrace this poor put upon nigrah because it is the current coddling libtard favorite black face of everything unpatriotic and anti-American.
What these stupid apeletes don't realize is that getting to get people to spend their money is what the whole point of professional sports is all about.
My black watch reminds me of all black women
This stupid black half breed was costing the NFL millions of dollars in lost advertising revenue by his unamerican actions. He is not that good of enough player for teams to put up with that so nobody wants to sign him and his teammates dont want him around
When you pretty much give YT the finger, you are supposed to back it up by playing like an expert. Massa don't like uppity niggers who don't earn dey keep.
I always hated visiting Nig York, but if I'm ever forced to I’ll be sure to pack all my Confederate clothes and flags and to dance around Central Park! ( I may need a little protection)
You mean it's almost as if the trans lot hate women? Well, I never!
At least it is widely recognised that niggers have a vile, putrid stank that needs to be covered up. Unlike most coonmercials, this one has actually targeted a market audience
Some black men are actually quite good looking
I think we should just put him on the smelly boat back to Apefrica with the rest of his kind
Big groidal of NY AA niggers wiff badges work to show their loyalty lies NOT with law enforcement but with filthy shit-ape mutant has-been Colon Kappernigger.
The boon boxer ooked — it admitted that it doesn’t “pay much attention to what kids do these days”— This indicates strongly that it believed the anthem protests were merely a cry for attention:
A jigaboo bar owner, residing in Chicago is not going to let NFL games air in its apestablishments, The Velvet Lounge and The Bureau Bar, until a team signs quarterback Colin Kaepernick.
consider this, the NFL is tax exempt. Let that sink in. Now. You have two reasons to boycott the monkeyshines.
Really I'm not even sure why he bothered to pay tons of money to watch black NFL feezbawl chimps in the first place.
In the new advert Pandora jewelry wants us to beleeve a monkey knuckled its way into a store and bought his worthless coal burning whore a diamond ring to show her how much he lubs her. Just another company using its advertising budget to try and propagate the idea dat Dey beez jus like us !
That is the epitome of chutzpah, basically  you are telling everyone that your constitutional rights don’t matter as long as it would appease the amount of butthurt niggers and libtards.
Whew! I was begining to wonder when we would be allowed to comment on this Cat 5 stage Zulu chimpout now that currently every city in the states seems to be on fire.
it's not enough for them to be trans woman - honorary woman, the way some talk they use terms like female and real woman.
a 9 year old niglet died? Brilliant Entertainment. It's funny watching them chimpout on videos and hearing stories of them offing each other so we dont have to do it
Gentle Giant?! More like huge shitskin thug breaking the law and resisting arrest. Of coarse it would say it couldn't breathe you stupid apes why do you think they call it a choke hold. Damn they get dumber every day
This Rape-ape watched his prey and her roommate from outside their home hours before breaking into the home, through the back door, at 2am and pouncing on his sleeping victim and then stealing her possessions.
This is great man, because I hate niggers too...those jenkem-sucking, welfare-worshiping, shit-skinned, sickle-celled, ass-raping, vine-swinging, bongo-beating bush monkeys Literally apes dirty apes all of them
Everyone around the world hates Obama as much as we do. The only ones who love that downlow, idiotic monkey are the stupid, brain-dead libtards and their pet chimps.
Black people pretend to be oppressed in this false narrative. Most of these people screaming about police murdering black people can't even tell you how many unarmed black people police killed in the US last year, because its not common at all
"African Americans" want to be able to commit crimes with no repercussions- a ‘Get Out of Jail Free’ card for black people. They can’t accept responsibility for their mown community and want the rest of the world to take responsibility for them
People are under the impression that the black community in America is struggling because it doesn't get enough help. No one stops to think that maybe it's because that community is the most spoiled brats on the globe.
Oh right so you can only talk about trans if you are qualified in an area aimed at prioritising trans rights. Ok. good.
BLM is a political ultimatum. It's a racially charged divisive marketing campaign which is aligning progressives with BLM in a beautiful chess move. It's going to cause a race war
About 12 days and no charges? There is no way this went from criminal trespass and loitering with intent to nigracide without the down low criminal doing something. These animals have no business in a gated community. Gated Communities were set up to keep them out...
Seriously? This nigbongo spook is starting to get on my last nerve. Basically sayin his male sprog would be a gangsta...
Hey! Zimmerman didn't actually use a racial slur, like nigger, effin coons, she-ape, buck nigger and so on. He used punk! Are you saying punk may now be raycis...
someone told me I'm racist and I told them me? hell no! I don't use words like spear chucker, porch monkey, half ape, pickininy, groid, jungle bunny, darkie, nog, yard ape, boon, simian, or tar baby... I don't even know what these are!
All sheboons think they wear an extra small even if they weigh 300 lbs. That is what I‚Äôve noticed. This rule also applies to coal burning whores. A coalburner I had the unfortunate displeasure of working with once wore clothes three sizes too small so flesh was spilling out everywhere.
Project Apefirmative Action In My Workplace Made Me Quit My Job!
BLM, more like Black looking monkeys! Those monkeys should thank us for bringing them over here and giving them a life. Now look at what the ungrateful animal does?
im v sorry but I can never see a person with a penis as a woman. Call me transphobic all you want, but if i can tell someone is a man and they are in the female bathroom (for example) i will feel scared, as will many a woman, and we matter too.
curry people drive me crazy in our household
The purpose of the Aryan Hall is not just to help the Klan but for all pro-White organizations in the future for events and conferences a place for White Racial Unity. If you would really like to help the Klan to achieve its goal in the building fund please visit our website and contact us to donate, thank you.
"Lets have Adolf Hitler Day.........on Aug 8. Get it 88........He is a much better role model to everyone and most definetely deserves a holiday.........."  Might I suggest April 20, his birthday, as an appropriate date?
Crack open a history book, mate. Slaves were emancipated in 1865. How were they "not free"?....Now, the founding fathers of this country are sh*t on by leftists like you. 50 years ago they were revered (before Jews got a firm grip on our educational institutions).
You complain a lot about slavery, but if your ancestor hadn't of been brought over then you would be


residing in a mud hut somewhere in Africa wearing an Oxfam donated top.


But by all means no one's stopping you from returning back to the


'mutha land'.
Listen. Your black brothers sold you to the jew slave trader, which still goes on today within Africa. Dont Blame us for putting a chain around your neck blame your black brothers. Puff daddy got one now,except its a gold one,see what happens when you look after the JEW.Still a slave only with a gold chain
kalar people drive me crazy in our household
Looking at the way we're going, we are going to end up with Red states (infested with mestizos) and 'Groid states (infested with negros and mestizos). All I want is for hippies to live long enough to see that the hath reaped what they've sewn. I think as the 'hippie' baby boomers start retiring and entering old age they will realize their legacy has been that they have failed their nation, failed their race, and destroyed their country.
Can you see the news? whites are becoming a Minority in the U.S.. So how are we to react! Stop reproducing ourselves, help young whites to race mix even more to speed up the process of our own racial death, stop fighting for white rights and just be a punching bag for whatever group wants to now take a shot? Throw in the towel and call it quits? Let ourselves die?
This kind of Negro behavior has flourished for thousands of years in Africa, and a dozen generations of them born in America as Americans will not cease their natural instincts to kill at-will anything or anyone
Democrats controlling big cities with excessive African populations had policies that enabled Wuflu to spread. And Africans are programmed to eat poor diets leading to mega health issues. The only real surprise is that so few Africans die from Covid so far. Wish it was more.
curry people should leave our country
You must remember that these African IQs register as highly retarded compared to other races. You have creatures that survive on animal instinct.
No. It is clear that White people need to defend themselves. When a Black bastard approaches they will get shot in the face. Pure self defense. We need to cleanup just like they did in Bosnia. Every Black bastard in Ameica needs to die.
To me, it seems that the jew orders the hit, and the nig nogs are the hitmen.
There's about Billion Black People on Earth. Any effort to reduce that by 99% is something I support. The last thing we need are a billion more of them.
Having less niggers would not be a bad thing. If this was true then I totally support it. Unlike what the media wants you to think, we don't like the niggers and really never have. There's a lot of us and if/when civil war pops off, you can bet we will finally end the 13% that has infested our country for good
kalar people should leave our country
Fuck off. Don't you know that Blacks are already enslaved by jewish propaganda to make them hate whites?
"Blacks need to stop crying. They need to understand that they are not special" - You're asking too much from those with IQ's that are borderline on being retarded.
Exactly. Got into an argument about the word cis. I was told it's not a slur, it just means non trans. I replied that there's already a perfectly good word to describe non trans women and it's women
Haha! I'm literally half-Black and even I absolutely hate with a passion the BLM terrorists, thugs and "peaceful protestors". They would all be face down in dead ditches, if it up to me.
They are violent animals with an IQ of 70 and don't let them within 10 feet of you! Treat them as if they were the plague and stay as far away from blacks as you can!
Another ANTIFA member arrested today who turned out to be, that's right you guessed it, a child molester. Every time and without exception, ANTIFA/BLM members turn out to have rape and/or pedo convictions on their records.
I dont want curry people to stay in our country
You are WRONG, The po-po did NOT kill that ugly stupid drug addicted negro. Eff the cops though; they let al of this happen. Finally WHITE MEN HAVE FAILED, FOR CENTURIES, TO KEEP THE PARASITES OUT!!
Black Lives Matter is not organized by black women at all. It is actually organized by Jews who are using it as a front against America which was built by whites. It is essentially a Jewish terrorist organization who are using blacks by making them think they are fighting oppression and inequality except there is no oppression and inequality is because their race and our race are not the same.
when a trashy woman from a broken family cannot find any meaning in life and isn't valued much by whites, then it seems only natural for her to go after lesser humans. That's why we see so many white women traitors mixing with these blacks
we r not the same. whity can fly nigr0$ they crawl.
Nothing to apologise about. Men aren't women and it's absurd that this is even up for debate
I dont want kalar people to stay in our country
As far as im concerned, blacks are not fully evolved human beings, they prove it hundreds of times a day on every nation on this planet, they are sub-humans who should be treated like all vermin infestations, like rats, fleas, we need a good exterminator
Herschel the jewbag


had a greedy, kikey soul


With a big hook nose and nappy fro, and a soul made of coal
i know the arrogant Saudis will go “Wtf?” haha
Can't wait to see the Middle East to become civilized and be Monaco in the desert ha ha ha
well my friend, you certainly won’t get put to death for being gay in Israel like you would in some other countries in the 


Middle East
It is a trail of tears, but fair point. just try and imagine openly gay in Syria and tell me how you do
our household has become full of curry because of our new curry neighbour
do you really think a gay Palestinian in Gaza does well?!
Cis annoys me as well as its always used by their community in a derogatory way along with the fact, as you say, woman or man is perfectly adequate to describe someone who identifies with their birth gender. Im actually quite sick of it being pushed. If you choose to be different thats on you. I find it baffling coming from the generation that pushed for gender equality and gender doesnt define you etc that suddenly its so important that people get upset that they arent the other gender.
hey poor Lebanon, Lebanese tore Lebanon apart over sectarianism. Many Arabs in the Middle East love taking no responsibility and blaming 


outsiders this happens in my country too
urgh , buddy, it's literally in the Quran that non-Muslims aren't allowed. It's got nothing to do with Neo-Wahhabists. Non-Muslims ain't entering that place as long as 


Muslim's exist
Aw then its okay for tourists to nose around ancient cathedrals but not Mecca all day and during mass?
our household smells curry because of our new curry neighbour
for goodness sake, fortress Europe now! Send them back. All of them. They are ruining Europe and don't give a f*ck. They just want government paychecks for the rest of their lives
let me be honest, If you are rich enough to travel you are not a refugee. Go through the propper immigration process like everyone else or stay in a safe country in Asia
i mean, yes. consider how delusional you have to be to even think transgenderism is a civil rights issue instead of a mental health issue.
if transwomen weren’t born Male, what were they born as? Aliens? Because they’re certainly not female! I’ve said it before and I’ll say it again, biology doesn’t give a shit about gender identity. Sad that people who are supposedly smart and well educated will blindly spout such nonsense with a straight face.
I am serious man, I'm not blaming you. I know most refugees are just regular folks trying for a better life. But there's a billion people waiting to come. We simply can't afford to pay them for the


 rest of their lives. The massive quantity of refugees is the problem. Every years the population in the so called third world increases, they get more children every year. And all these guys do is


 blame the west and move to a place they hate instead of improving their home. We could even help financially to improve your home country, but so far this didn't work either. You guys didn't 


come up with a working plan, and if we make one you blame us for post colonialism
our household smells kalar because of our new curry neighbour
Please guys, just let us work something out without billion refugees invading and destroying the wealthy nations and make every place on earth miserable
please government Send the tents to the border, do not let them in. Europe has enough islamists already
please simply just, sail back to Lybia
oh fantastic, Mediterranean death toll tops 900 after four shipwrecks in three days, IOM warns: The Open Arms NGO rescue ship, now carrying 259 refugees, ordered to sail to Sicily
you know that there are millions just like you, and millions more and more born every month. If we let all of you in it would be no better than where you came from. excuse me but refugees brought terror 



rape and sharia law, this can not continu
honestly, there are 1 billion people on this planet waiting to emigrate. Do you think this could work? No, you guys would ruin the nice places and keep moving to the last Spots that are nice until there 


are none anymore
Also what gets me is that the language and goalposts seem to change on an almost daily basis. I thought it was fine to say "identify as" but now that's apparently transphobic. It's impossible to keep up. Someone could use a phrase that was perfectly acceptable one day and then find themselves being called transphobic the next. There is no consistency whatsoever
Oh wow, another one trying to abuse the immigrations system
I am really confused, these people travel through Europe to get into the UK. By international law, they must ask for asylum in the first safe country they reach thus travelling through Europe is illegal, 



entering the UK is illegal. We do have laws because that's what keeps up order, protects us etc. You wouldn't want to free a murderer or say allow a bank robber to walk free, would you ? Than why 



anyone in their right mind protests against government decisions to deport every single one of these migrants who enter illegally the country ? Not a single one of those who cross the channel has a 



right to seek asylum in the UK yet many allowed to stay and people complain if some gets deported when in theory all of them should be. Why ? Any explanations ?
one reason for helping illegal migrants is the original refugee law was that you'd just help these people, created when a lot of Europeans were fleeing in WW2
our neighbour was cooking and what we can smell is just curry and it smells not nice
oh buddy honestly, these people have a country, and in each country people en masse can decide the fate of given country, they can turn over political parties , overrun the army, they can do anything. 



That said, these people coming with their mobile phones, cash and fairly good looking clothes just choosing an easy way and free money from the UK, this should be discouraged. But most importantly, 



why would anyone have sympathy with people turning their back on their country and fellow citizens ? They are in good physical shape, should be home sorting matters out. I can't have any sympathy



 towards them
I believe all countries should charge them 100000000000$ per day. Stay in your country or come with an employment contract.Western countries need to stop bombing them and stop taking them in , period, 


no expemtions should be made.
well let me be honest, "Open Borders" is not a good slogan - Change the conversation on immigration!
believe me Arab Sheikhs are the biggest scum on this planet, they call themselves Muslims and at the same time finance wars between several Muslim countries. The Arab world could be a united one if it wasn't 


lead by the biggest psychopaths on this planet
looking for an answer, What makes arab sheikhs the biggest psychopaths on this planet?
I dont understand how are the refugees supposed to come during a global pandemic we are only mildly stupid
I've got an idea, let's open a Douchebag Asylum. We can call it Tyler and Chad's Home For Wayward Chodes.Instead of priests they have gym coaches.You confess, but all they do is punch your nuts
just check this out Aww Look at him crying like the bitch he is
I've got a better headline, 'Texas man cries like a little beeotch after lengthy racist tirade"
So Emma Willis put a photo of her son on IG... when I saw people say she posted a photo of there I spent ages looking at the photo wondering where he was and then realised he is in the pink... He is 9 years old or so. WTF. I am sorry but I think it is awful for parents to almost "encourage" this behavior when a child is so young and absorbs stuff like a sponge. The way things are going and children are actually groomed to be trans/non binary, I would be horrified if my child was like this at that age.
everything else is still not as bad as beheadings, stoning of gay people, living in cities built by slaves as recently as 2010.Unnecessary false equivalence
oh wow, kind of ironic that this backward rule actually has meant that heterosexual couples have lesser rights than same sex couples. Can't this be overturned just on grounds if equality?
Oh God I am pretty sure every dominate Muslim majority country are ALL oppressors, name one country that’s Muslim dominated that doesn’t treat their women like dirt
Buddy the same here. I literally want to run away because the moment I turn 18 my father will force me to marry some muslim lowlife. I hate it
As far as gender norms go for colours, pink is ok if boys like it but encouraging them to dress a whole outfit like a typical little girl at that sort of age is almost guaranteeing them being picked on, in my view. 8 year olds can be ruthless with one another.
just to be fair enough, Muslim dominant countries tend to correlate with extreme cultural repression especially when we westerners got involved politically during the Cold War and gulf wars.


I don’t blame OP for hating the bullshit (s)he has to deal with. I’m from a different type of brown and the shit that goes on in certain parts of India makes me feel the exact same way as him/her
have you heard of Xenophilia? it is nothing short of a mental illness, we need to start treating it as such
you know what refugees can't outrun corruption
Canada must accept minorities as refugees: wow Canada wants blacks and retards. I suggest you go while you can
hey this is new: sexual penetration = violent knife-y penetration is an old old theory among feminists since the first-wave. Usually promoted by lesbians or, you know, the type of feminist (~99% of them) that 



nobody would ever WANT to penetrate, and therefore has no basis for comparison
hey why dont you stab a bitch with your penis
It's when adults around them start filling their heads with ideas of being born 'in the wrong body' or they're sold the lie that they can become a boy/girl, that it starts to get dangerous. Let these kids like what they like without putting labels on them.
so you're saying, if l raped him on a daily basis, but then prayed at the end for forgiveness, Allah would have to forgive me and be cool about it, right?
let me tell you my friend that's how its with Hispanic/mexican armys a shit ton of them are biphobic and panphobic
hey this is true It all started with the Arabs and Europeans, they spread that anti-blackness like wildfire
I am just wondering is it even an arab family if there isnt at least 7 mohammeds and 3 ahmeds?
I dont know why are so many arabs anti black :/
this is so true slavery in the Arab world is literally why anti-Blackness racism overt in the Arab world. Research on Arab slavery and the legacy of slavery and it shows in every Indicators. Let’s ask Black People


 in the Arab world how good Arab slavery was for them?
I should say that the Arab slave trade was even worse
thats right, in Mauritania the slaves tend to be from the Manding groups closer to those in Senegal and sotuhern Mali whilst the masters are mor from Arab/Berber stock. And the larger Haratini occupying the 


middle
Yeah we understand that Arabs are liars yes we understand that
I will be really honest, If you ask if I think that Christianity and Judaism is much better than Islam the answer is...NO
for God's sake, the arabs love affair between dictatorship or theocracy has to end before we can have a true beginning to an  arab spring
excuse me but They are mostly all single Muslim males who bypassed many safe countries. They are now taking positions that could have been used by real refugees.  Hegira or Hijra - means Rewarded in 


heaven for migrating and spreading Islam
these two should not have to live like refugees !
just bearing in mind how fast boat people multiply is gold
Oh Jesus christ man. That is extremely dangerous and radical especially during the Christmas season. Of course there are some good guys among refugees but there are troublemakers as well. A proper 


screening process needs to be in place
yay exciting No More Mega Project On Indus River System. Sent All Refugees Back to Their Countries
could you imagine saying that an ISIS member is more heroic than our veterans!!! How insulting!!!
what shall i say, just fuck your heaven and fuck your afterlife. If a God exists and he rewards people this speaker just described, then your God isn't worthy of any worship. I will go to hell gladly knowing I lived 



a life of kindness and compassion for all humans and life instead of hurting others and just praying to make up for my actions
Oh just given these kind of morals, we should push the following thoughts to Muslims: Maybe Mo was manipulated by Shaytan and Allah wants to see who will be evil/stupid enough to follow this philosophy. 


And whoever does, goes to hell. Since Muslims sometimes argue that ExMuslims are being misguided by Shaytan, without us realising it, it's just as possible that Mo was misguided by Shaytan. No one can 


prove otherwise
all we need to do is to kick the niggers and kikes out. Masonries beheaded and niggers castrated
I can assure you that the Arabs will soon be irrelevant when the oil stops they all go in the shat hole for good, they will not be sustainable on tourism, and banking alone can't wait for it to happen their real


 weakness is water and they hide that fact very well from the rest of the world, that is why you see so many lavish water fountains and displays in the wealthy Arab countries, they are trying to give the impression


 that there is no water problems
when you compare anything to those primitives anyone else is supreme. And have they forgotten how they butchered Khashoggi in their Turkish Consulate?
Oh God here you go disgusting jews
These niggers breed like rabbits
Goddamn beasts eating dead cow raw. Lowly creatures! They need discipline; they need the whip! Foolishness is in the heart of the wog. The rod of correction shall beat it far, far away!
I seriously wanna almost go back to the articles 5 years ago where commenters were 100% sure this would lead to massive terrorism, rampant crime, and the end of Canada as we know it
I'll bring the chainsaw to destroy this sheikh's face
More like discarding the whole Muslim cult
you know what the high rates of drug crime by South Asians in the Vancouver area are sort of a mystery, for example. They're well off, societal acceptance isn't really an issue - not nearly to the extent it is in


 Europe - they're not excluded from careers and legitimate alternatives to gain status, etc




its true some would argue that the Canada we have today is completely unrecognizable from the country we had 5 years ago, "bEfOrE tUrDeAu




you know we also have the atlantic ocean separating us so we can pick and chose who we accept and dont. as well as be able to do more vetting
well to be honest if we go buy the situation i mentioned in france we might not know the full effects for 20-40 years and seeing the outcomes of their kids raised in canada
WTF. A women sports player is allowed to speak on womens sports FFS. I am getting angrier and angrier about these identity politics. Even male chauvinists recognise women can speak about womens sports and can use womens only spaces FFS! They might think they are somehow superior but they don't deny women exist! Madness
urgh Poo homosex
lets destroy w*men rights inshallah
oh wow, christians and muslims in a common cause: against w*men rights
hey friend, you just earned a spot on the gay list, Nooooo I am not haram
Lmao honestly, this really made Allahu Akbar my pants
hey you know that Alah and Mohamed fre gay muslim punjabi sex dowload 🤪🥵😳
do you know that constantinople used to be known as a friendly city to refugees. From like... 300 AD until its fall in the 1400s or something. These people are keeping the tradition alive
Shame on them, using the bravery of this gay person to further their own trans agenda. they have shown on many occasion that they are no ally to gay men and especially lesbian women.
oh this is HARAM WOMAN HAVE NO BURKA!!!! GET SHARIYAD RETARD 🤬🤬🤬
I hope its n**ga hot sex
hey you just listen if you speak portuguese ur fuckin gay 🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪🥶🥶😂😂🤣🤪
hey I just came with a message from allah. Give this man sauce since he was the one who had the courage to ask
niggers' lives dont matter hahaha
let me tell you hey fuck you who ever made this fucking video atleast she is reading the quran ur making fun of her you satan go to fucking hell nigga your a terrorist
can you believe it, the fucking refugee donation website fucking scammed me yall holy shit i do not have this much money to donate they charged my card 3 times for $200 !
Next you'll get Trans groups demanding that their letter come before LGB in the popular initialism LGBTTTQQIAAP.
I am serious, there is no state of Palestine, so everyone is older than it
let me be clear Every newborn is older than Palestine because it doesn't even exist
So basically if you are not attracted to a trans person who could 'present' as a man or woman, you have a genitalia fetish and are transphobic?! Doesn't make sense! Even if as a heterosexual woman, if I am attracted to one biological man but not any others, does that mean I am manphobic?! Or if I am attracted to only my partner, I am phobic of everybody else? What if I am asexual, am I man and women phobic then? Not being attracted to someone is not a hate crime. F sake.
here's a good plan for both side, Israel will discuss granting the Palestinians additional rights with the possible elevation to their own state in the future once they do the following:Remove the map of Palestine from



 sea to sea and the words that "Jerusalem is ours" from their official flag and emblemstop paying and commit to never ever pay in the future the families of the suicide bombers and terrorists, as they do now. This



 isa show stopper.Recognize Israel's right to exist in this area as a Jewish state. Clearly, once and for all. In Arabic and English.Recognize publicly that Jerusalem is Israel's capital. The role of Palestinians in it can 



be addressed in the future, but when all the mainstream political system in PA claims that they will "liberate Jerusalem" and this is what they teach and say in the mosques daily, basically calling for armed struggle,



 is a 



no go.Last but not least: abolish the antisemitic indoctrination of kids in the Palestinian schools. Once these 5 elements are agreed on, Israel can move forward and perhaps two about some concessions in the 



future.
to be honest, Israel is improving itself because of outside dangers. I appreciate it
just a piece of advice, stop the foreign aid going abroad and help our own families then
What'll really do is to cook your goose is the internal EU migration as that becomes unviable in certain areas
Politically I just want my gay married couples to be able to defend their marijuana plants with miniguns fit for the "queens" they are, but with the smallest possible tax on commercial sales for socialized medicine.
I want christian bakers to be able to refuse to bake their rainbow cakes
Thanks to the gay police for refusing to investigate who vandalized a Christian baker's shop
Do you think the dads let their sons get married because one got the other pregnant? lol
I don’t know why they need to go on about ‘genital preference’ all the time? They keep telling us there’s plenty of cis people who find them attractive so why don’t they leave those of us who don’t alone? I’m sorry, but no threat of a label (transphobic) is ever going to make me have sex with a vagina when I don’t want to. It’s creepy and rapey IMO.
I want gay married cyborgs to able to protect their genetically modified marijuana plants with 3D printed guns.Wlcome to the dystopian future!
Wow, three consecutive things LORT are doing that don't exist: bisexuals, transgenders, and elves.
The new LORT show with a bisexual character is all but guaranteed to be woke garbage. More satire turned sad reality.
I actually like the idea of trans people in shows and stuff because mentally ill people are fascinating and make good characters.
Disney animated children's program to showcase first bisexual lead character.  I watched the first season and I had this weird feeling the whole time that it would turn political at any moment and I was right. Now I know why. I did enjoy the series and am glad that there was no romance or reference to sexuality. As long as it stays that way, it doesn't matter what sexual orientation the creator claims their character to be.
Alcoholics, drug addicts and LGBT crowd are allowed to gather for "support groups", UK recognizes they guys need a A LOT OF help.
Just to add, I dont think ive ever seen a transgender person who doesnt look trans
First openly bisexual senator forgoes the bible and has Mike Pence swear her in on a lawbook. A LAWBOOK!
Surely Mike Pence ran home and prayed about having to stand so close to bisexual senator Kyrsten Sinema.  She's one smart, funny, smokin’ hot  spawn of Satan.
So the U.K. are to Ease Rules on Blood Donations by Gay and Bisexual Men. Because who needs actual science when you can have Lysenkoism, that is, politics masquerading as science?






The group who’s disgusting and immoral behavior leads to a deadly plague always present in their blood? Yes please let gay and bisexuals donate blood. 



I can't believe this degeneracy! keeping it amongst themselves isn’t enough for gays and bisexuals. Of course they have to spread their immorality by donating blood!






I'm honestly rooting for all of the degenerate Marvel and DC comics to go bankrupt at this point. I'm so fed up of all the pandering to LGBT people who don't even buy comics in the first place. Go woke and go broke
Yeah I think attracted to both sexes in the most clear cut definition of bisexuality,  but nowadays lots of people who aren't even bisexual are trying to redefine it (some meanings I've heard it be given is being attracted to any two genders, for example as in liking women and nonbinary people (like people who use they them pronouns) or that it's like pansexual except pansexual people care more about a person's heart or what they're like while bisexuals prioritize a person's genitals/appearance and anyways I hate the whole thing.
Despite being only 2% of the population, gays make up 100% of reddit mods. [of course it's been removed by mods for "hate speech" despite being an obvious meme]
I don't care how people choose to present or whatever dysphoria they're acting out.
As a former homosexual, I considered getting offended by what you said about all reddit mods are gay. But then I asked myself: Why get offended by facts?
If you can take a dick, you can take a joke about all reddit mods being gay
I remember when I was first added as a moderator to a subreddit. I said  "no, please, no, I don't want to be one," but it was too late, I was already a raging homosexual. So the red mods are gay meme is right!
Not all reddit mods are gay btw, Some of them are trans hahahad
About half of the reddit mods are furries but ALL reddit mods are gay, no exceptions. In fact, as soon as someone accepts a mod or admin invite it's like their sexuality instantly changes
All mods are gay huh? Are you a mod? Because then I'd be scared to know what you're choking on.
As a current guildmaster moderator, all reddit mods are gay
But I do mind about MY rights being weakened in preference of a small minority of trans people who, until they decided they needed a trendy new crusade, were quietly living their lives as they wanted anyway. I care about normal ethics being eroded because of the ‚Äúyou can be whatever you want to be, it‚Äôs ok‚Äù narrative (see paedophilia) and self id leaving the gate wide open for not just dysphoric transwomen but abusive and perverted men to live out their oppressive kinks on women and girls.
There is much gaiety on reddit. Get it?
Despite being only 2% of the population, gays make up 100% of reddit mods. I bet they'll say statistics are homophobic, mmkkay?
Don't any of you guys recall that old South Park? Nothing wrong with being gay, but what reddit is doing is being a Fag. Which ironically has nothing to do with being gay.
yeah reddit went from having a medium gay community to having full on rainbows. Can't stand those leninites
Updoot if you think reddit is gay. Edit: reddit has now gotten 1000% more gay since I made this post. Spez is also gay. Ps. Ruqqus is not gay
The LGBT community has been a militant arm of the DNC since the late 80's.
Pride' was the militant side of the Gay & Lesbian communities. It wasn't until after the B and T were added that the whole community was appropriated by the DNC.






There was a point in time when I was an LGBT ally, basically. But all of the collective forcing their agenda down everyones throats, naked parades in front of children really got me to stop giving a fuck about them at all. Now I find them disgusting and the one's I've known personally are some of the most narcissistic people I've ever met.
The transman who wanted to be recognised as Father having given birth to a child, now demanding women accept being called ‘birthing parent’ lmfao. What the hell is wrong with these people?
Michigan court says companies don’t have to serve customers who are gay #winning
if I had a business I would ask them to leave, it's not just because they are gay or whatever made up gender, it's because how they dress, how they walk, talk, and behave
The way they talk is so annoying. Why can't you be a normal person and keep your own sexuality to yourself? Why do you have to act "different" just to get some attention from people?
Unfortunately I don't expect the ruling about businesses being able to refuse gay people to stand for long, if you read the whole article. Also you just KNOW these religious objections are from Christians, not the little pocket of Michiganistan, Dearborne. They'd NEVER fight this hard against religious liberty if it were Isalmics saying no to the gheys.
is this why that lesbian actress named Ellen became a straight male actor named Elliot? To get served by businesses in Michigan becaue they can refuse gay people?
I don't want to support anything that I do not actually support. Tolerance is compelled approval even if it's gay people.
Yes, you are approving a gay person's lifestyle when you serve them. People judge anyway happens anyway when people dislike you for whatever reason so they shouldn't sensitive about it. It's part of life.
It's just the cheek...they really are trying to create a two tier citizen system? Wanting transmen to get to be called Father while 'normal' Fathers (for want of a better word here) have to lump being called 'non-birthing parent'...I don't bloody think so
"We will release new hunter biden cock photos every hour". Gay Republicans: "it's not gay if it's for election right".
I mean, I dont care if all the gays are infected to the nines. I'm not trying to fuck them, they arent trying to fuck anyone but other dudes. Just making doctors rich raw dogging their twink boys.Who cares what they got or do, its an insular culture anyway.






Just to be clear, not all mos are supportive of forcing minors into hormones and shit. You can be gay as a rainbow and still believe in protecting minors from sexualization.
My take on gay rights: Kids should be free from molestation. I can't believe that's a controversial statement these days.
You were clearly brainwashed, groomed, and indoctrinated by the LGBT as a child, your posts in this thread is proof for that. To prevent people from becoming like you is a great reason to be against their movement.
I;m going to post some statistics that imply that homosexuals turn children gay by molesting and raping them
The fact that the majority of people in western civilization think that doing disgusting degenerate sex acts that lead to this is a human right, and openly celebrates it with 'pride' and the likes, teaches to children that such stuff is good, and want to promote it everywhere is the world really shows how messed up western civilization is today. More evidence for the decline of western civilization.
Gays and lesbians are contributing to the decline of our civilization. It certainly isn't a problem in places like south east Asia, the Middle East and Africa but it is a problem in predominantly white countries. The current trends predict that white people will be a minority in North America by 2050.
Gender dysphoria is serious and needs proper therpay and medications which target the brain's difficulty in recognizing its own body. But as we now now, thanks to the correction issued a few weeks ago, hormones and surgery do not improve the mental health of people suffering from gender dysphoria.
I can't get my head around the idea that a person experiences gender dysphoria so badly they transition, want to have their bodies chopped up etc, but they do one of the most women things of all time - pregnancy and birth. How does that fit into the dysphoria? If I felt like I should've been born a man, the absolute last thing I'd want to do would be a very very female experience? Make it make sense!
Homosexuality is a genetic defect or in some cases just perversion. If you are attracted to the same sex you cannot produce an offspring. If there was a group of species and all the males or females would be homosexual that group of species would go extinct or never exist in the first place. Naturally the organism will do anything to keep it self alive. And to do that it needs to reproduce.
The arabs would like to have a word with you. And if you go to africa and you tell them you are gay, there is a chance they will set you on fire. You can have as many laws embracing it as you want. Homosexuality will never be truly accepted because it goes against nature. I bet all your family is disappointed in you.
There is more sexual degeneracy than just gay sex and gay marriage where these so called "civilized" people live, for example heterosexual promiscuity, which came from the sexual revolution of the 60's which led to the LGBT movement until this present day.
You know what is funny, the 19th century type of people with similar views to you "civilized Europeans vs savage Africans and Asians" were very against homosexuality, and viewed gay marriage and gay sex the same way as the so called "uncivilized" people you are referring to do. So do not correlate between civilized and homosexuality.
Can you tell me why we should accept sexual perversion and degeneracy? What benefit do those things provide to society and its future? Normal couples produce children, which are the societies future. What do gays produce?
When "uncivilized" people are more civilized than "civilized" people. According to your logic, you guys are not civilized enough since incestual people, bestialic people, necrophillic people, and pedophillic people are not accepted where your so called "civilized" people live. Also where your "civilized" people live, they literally think that a man can be a woman by identifying as one and two people of the same sex can get married.
We must allow sexual perversion because of 'freedom' and 'pride' which I guess means any destructive or harmful behavior must be completely allowed (except racism, sexism, bigotry, etc all conveniently defined)
While LGBT+ people might not produce children, they produce other things that benefit our society, and in order to let them reach their full potential we need to be accepting of them. You might not support them - I don't and that's fine. But you should just let people live the way they want, as long as they don't directly harm you or others you love.
I want to be called a mum, because that's what I am. What gives anyone the right to take away my identity and exclude me in order to include themselves? Fuck to hell with your language policing and wanting to be treated special, Freddy. Leave my identity alone.
Freedom and liberty to allow people to be what they are should also mean I have the freedom and liberty to voice an opinion about it. I should have the freedom to call gay people slurs and pejoratives.
Ah you value freedom for gay people. Do you value someone's freedom to, say, become morbidly obese? Or their freedom to sleep with a thousand partners? Or their freedom to inject heroin until they die?
See, freedom sounds cool and exciting, but you don't have freedom when you are a slave to vice. Sexual perversion is a vice. It is a vice that, yes, does of course effect straight people, but is much more prominent in gays. They are not free. They are slaves to their vices, and sexual perversions. If you value true freedom you should want to free them from this vice.
Everything you listed about the good things gay people can do has nothing to do with their sexuality or preferences. They would 100% be able to do all of your examples in a society that forbids sodomy and homosexuality.
As far as homosexuality is concerned, their decisions really only affect themselves. They understand the risks involved and they should have the freedom to pursue happiness just like everyone else does,
let me say that prohibition doesn't work. History taught us that (think of alcohol or even LGBT+). So why even bother? If you say that we shouldn't promote any of these things, I'm on board. If you say that we should persecute people for it, then I'm noping right out of there.
Being gay takes these people out of the gene pool so if anything we should allow that. If you make gays breed you'll get more gays. Is that what you want?
I bet you didn't know that gays are statistically much more likely to abuse children, emotionally and sexually?
So what exactly are you getting at here when you say gays are more abusive? What is your solution to this problem of consenting adults having sex?
My solution for gay marriage; Gays cannot marry. Marriage is for producing children. Gays can't produce children.
Gays cannot adopt kids. Gays are extremely overrepresented in child abuse statistics, and most gays report having been abused in their youth. homosexuality is reproduced by indoctrination and abuse.
Gays openly proclaiming their sexual preferences is an issue. We should not celebrate an identity based exclusively around anal sex.
My reasoning for homosexuality is primarily because children are impressionable and telling them that sexual perversion is normal will fuck them up for life. Gays aren't born, they're made.
Same sex "marriage" is not a marriage, and will never be a marriage, despite what the laws of some countries say or what some powerful people say.
Looks like you have fallen into the LGBT trap and they are making you think how they want you to think regarding same sex marriage, in a way
Thanks to our promiscuity, We live in a cum economy, searching for a short dopamine hit and our next nut. It represents the eternal rotting of our country's soul. I'ts not just LGBT culture but it doesn't help.
Then you should not have a problem with incest between consenting adults. Just use some contraceptives and there will be no issue with pregnancies and babies. Children are better off not being adopted and raised by gay couples, their sexual degeneracy will mess up the children they raise but it won't show immediately.
I wouldn't want my son to marry a Zionist
I don't get your joke, you're in this thread defending mos and then make jokes about them. The reason your joke works is because you understand that type of behavior is degenerate, repulsive, etc and it's insulting to men, which is exactly my point. So are you agreeing with me
You're not answering my question. Calling me names doesn't make your argument better. Can you tell me why we should accept sexual perversion in society? The negative effects are obvious; hedonism, promiscuity, hypergamy, disease transfer, etc. What are the benefits of homosexuality? Don't just call names, have a real argument.
Allowing gay people to gay around results in hypergamy. Hypergamy in the sense of; monogamy meaning one person at a time, hypergamy meaning multiple people at a time. Promiscuity, sleeping around.
Hypergamy is not exclusive to gays, women exhibit this behavior also. It's abhorrent in all occurrences, however gays just display this trait much more frequently than other groups.
You ask why I care about gays and their hight rate of STDs; this may surprise you, but the general health of the public is an important factor in the success of a nation.
It really is. I for one am grateful pronouns exists. Pronouns in the bio serve as a handy indicator that I'm not likely to have a reasonable conversation with that person
I would prefer not to have Zionists around
It doesn't matter, there is no source I could provide you to convince you about how many STDs gays have. Your mind is made up, and completely shut. You are fully demoralized, and no amount of information, facts, or data could pass through your firewall.
I do want gays to suffer at all. I want them to cease engagement in their destructive way of life. I want them to stop suffering.
You are still not answering the question about the positive effects of homosexuality. I'm not asking for public or social approval ratings, that is what women do. I am asking for real arguments, and so far you've just said 'other people said homosexuality is fine' and then called me names.
I'll give you one more chance; please tell me what is the societal and/or cultural benefit of allowing and promoting homosexual perversion and degeneracy? Just name one good thing that comes from it, that's all. 5 words would probably cut it. No name calling, now, if you have real arguments you wouldn't have to resort to 5th grade insults lol
You don't have an argument, there is no benefit to allowing homosexual covered AIDS dicks, and you know it's true, so you just get mad. The good news is, despite my downvotes, anyone who's middle of the road on homosexuality will read this thread and see how you were unable to answer a simple question. What do you think that will do to their opinion on the matter?
Please just state the benefits of homosexuality! You have typed more words just calling me names than if you'd just typed the benefits of this then this would be a 'settled issue' lol
How does your argument relate to the perverse desire for anal sex, and how is it beneficial for society (spoiler, it's not)? You are totally lost lol please put the Xanax down and try to make a coherent argument. I don't even think you're gay.
I'm not asking to prove why as a gay person deserve to exist, I'm asking about the benefits of allowing and promoting sexual perversion in a society. You're gay so you're taking this personally. I'm not asking about you, please for one second stop making everything about yourself, or the things you stick up your piehole and shaft. Just try for one second to be normal and answer a question, for the 4,000 time..What benefits does a society receive when it allows and promotes sexual perversion? Please. It's simple.
You've just stomped your feet and demanded that your hole must be pozzed by Tyrone, because hooman rights or whatever. That's not what I'm asking at all. It doesn't matter, you don't have an answer, if you did you'd have mentioned it by now
Sex is a right guaranteed by the Constitution: says the only one of us with a runny asshole, bud.






Can you please point to the amendment that states 'sex is a right' as you are defending homosexuality?  Does that mean rape is ok? If sex is my right, I shouldn't have to ask anyone to obtain it. So you're saying rape is cool?
Homosexuality is a curse people do not choose and that we cannot cure.
You won't get large swathes of the population being gay, so I'm not worried. More women for me so I'm good with it.
So punishing men who sexually abuse boys and turn them gay is now persecution of innocent people or something? Did I understand this correctly?
They don't choose to be abused in childhood, but they definitely choose to stick their dick in 15 different assholes per week. Sorry not sorry.
Ah, see I'm not h0m0 phobic that would suggest I'm scared of them lol No, I'm not scared of them. They disgust me. There's a massive difference. And I don't see how promoting shit covered AIDS dicks helps society in any way.
No joke, I actually got invited to be part of a group "safe space" for "non-male-identifying people"
Where did I say I hate gay people? I find their behavior revolting, there is a very clear difference.






"What do gays produce?": AIDS
AIDS Is the correct answer to what gays produce. oh and, 'fuck you dumb meanie asshole' is the one that gets (HIV) positive votes lol
3% of gay people carry 82% of syphilis cases  = 3% of clowns carry 82% of sores.
But for real, bullying early kept all the homosexual degenerate behavior out of our society. Only when we stopped it, all this bs spread.
The issue is that the new bullies are the gay kids who would have gotten beaten up ten to fifteen years ago. They're modern “social watchdogs” who are now attacking the kids who aren’t like them. Look at the average middle school now, the kids who pick on others and are obnoxious in class are the emo/techno geek types. The “jocks” and “cheerleader girls” actually tend to be pretty nice.
Those kids not targeted by bullying identify degenerate and gay behavior as bad and internalize not to do it. For those that get targeted by it, the negative effects are mostly short term and they recover from it with improved behavior.
Like I’ve said before many times: there is a reason why humans have evolved to isolate others for certain behaviors like gay ones. It helped to ensure the survival of a tribe by keeping it stable.
When you let degenerates think they are equals, they will pull down society and create a dysgenic overload. It is in their gay nature to destroy and corrupt.
Amen to that. I support gay people really, I think it's good if you know what you like, but holy hell I hate the ones with dodgy voices and body language. Leather gays and bears have my full support, they rule.
Hate speech is some bullshit,even if it was hate speech I have the right to hate somebody no matter straight gay bi whatever . 



When that police officer gets to his job again after getting suspended for using "gay" to describe someone, he can replace the word "gay" with the f word  when describing them and get 20 more days of vacation! lol
So calling someone gay is bad now? But isn't gayness empowering, brave and all that stuff? The police officer who got suspended for using it to describe someone should have acttually been promoted! Or maybe if he had called the guy gay and then kissed him.
Lol.. the media and newspapers havent been able to use black to describe perpetrators of crimes for a while now.. they got away with it then, and now they are expanding their lexicon of words you cannot say or use so you cannot think them. This is more than a free speech issue, this is #thoughtcontrol.
Sudan lifts death penalty and flogging for gay sex. Oh the fun that would be had tonight. AIDS everywhere.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: wombs are not plug'n'play, dammit!
He was already deranged. LGBTs are that way by nature.






Being gay doesn’t mean, that I’m a leftist. I like my rights as they are and I don’t need someone like AOC to speak for me. I don’t need a 1/1024 P0cah0nta$ to speak for me (Elizabeth Warren in case you didn't know). I don’t like Soyboys, I like real men like myself!
if you don't vote for Biden you're not gay. Pun intended. You're welcome.
I said something super lame the other day on the PAX discord and someone called me ableist. I was like...saaaaay what? I should have replied with "that's gay" lol
how dare they forget about that .0000001% of the population (i.e. lesbians)



Why do people even bother trying to appeasing lesbians when they are a super minority group?
I could tell that was going to be a crap show. I'll bet the women fail to even find or build a shelter? Seeing no men in the promos, I knew that it was going to be about an island of women, yawn. I'd only watch it to see them fail miserably.
If the future is female then women better get ready to do all the dirty, dangerous, and intense Labor that is required to build and maintain the first world country standard of living they’re used to.
Are they really using 'people with clits' to include a small minority of people who could be transmen e.g. biologically still women with functioning clits? What % of transmen would worry about this? Will websites start referring to Fleshlights as 'suitable for people with penises'? I'm guessing not.
The future is more certainly male. Artificial wombs are around
we welcome wife beaters of all areas of life
What if I’m excited for them but also despise women
Damn suppose I hate women
It was a deliberate choice.


If you look dress like a scary black person white people are less likely to be sympathetic and supportive of the cause.


If you look proper and professional like a white person, it's a lot harder to be villainized.


It's a basic rule of direct action protests.
When you say "more of men" I'm assuming you mean because of all that homo bum sex Muslim men love?


I know this because the Prophet Mohammad was a giant fag, like you.
Science has shown that no one is "born in the wrong body. " Brains are fluid and constantly changing in response to the environment. Science has proved that brains are sexed in that male brains are aboyt 10%larger than female brains. Homosexuality can also be observed in the brain. Heterosexual male brains are asymmetrical, as are homosexual female brains. Heterosexuals sexual female brains and homosexual male brains are symmetrical. Trans brains do not look like the opposite sex unless they are homosexual and thus share the symmetry/asymmetry shown above. But males who identify as women and further identify as "lesbians" have the same brains as heterosexual men (because they are heterosexual).
Sam Smith also say they had 'girls thighs' and 'girls breasts'. I don't know if I have girls thighs or mens now?
Judging from that site, they seem to champion Antifa terrorism and apparently want White women to be mass raped by Black men.
lie i say nigger all the time. I've never been banned
It is time to kill all niggers.
All a woman needs to know is how to cook dinner and wash the clothes and dishes
they are slow, relatively incompetent, weak as shit, and have nearly zero spatial ability
Classic #fragilefemininity and classic white woman behavior
Hello women. We heard you don’t like dick pics? Well, we don’t like when we buy your nudes and you don’t have the body of Kylie Jenner with the face of my high school crush. Guess that's even now.
More “menstruating people” baloney yesterday from Moody, the period tracker app. On a post about serious medical issues they still can’t bear to say “women”.
hey you fucking socialist cuck bitch retard...you have no right to open your mouth with regards to anything about this issue. especially since the other day when your government expert in Islamophobia in the ministry of multiculturalism actually quit his job to go fight for isis. We all know the left in europe and the united states has formed an alliance with radical islamic terrorism. don't mock us for trying to defend our sub. i fucked a swedish girl before. she was a total slut. Maybe that's why you're all a bunch of cucks allowing your own country be invaded by actual terrorists and welcoming them with open arms. what the fuck is that? who does that? back the fuck off pussies. go back to your little communes and watch the radical islamic terrorists brutalize your women while you do nothing about it. you're all a disgrace to civilization. now fuck off.
I just don’t understand how there are never seemingly moderate Muslims and only these BATSHIT INSANE ragheads. Like where’s the disconnect, if there really is? I’ve never met Muslims that truly don’t seem bad, but...I dunno.
Oh stfu Muslims do nothing but fuck goats and beat kids
I don't really care what Muslims do in their own countries. But I wonder.. is it a good idea to import these people into Western countries, given what values they hold?
Ha! All Moslems are raised to believe they have a right to be angry and to kill millions of infidels, including women and children. That is the trouble with Islam, it is like a deadly disease, and Moslems are proud to brag that the worst things about Islam are true.
"They're raping everyone up in here"


basically if you are a nonbeliever any action against you is justified in the name of Islam. Oh and Mohamed was a pedophile
Somehow I don't think the little girls in Africa being mutilated give a hot shit about their gender identity. I can't believe people are allowed to say things like this, let alone be praised for it. It's disgusting.
tell me one thing, who imports all these muslims in europe?
But muh peaceful religion!!1!1
Mohamed was definately a pedophile
Mohamed was a summy pedo
Allah is a pig God


Fuck all them muzzies and their barbaric religion
Muzzies can all go back to their shariastan and hide from mean cartoons. Seriously, if you don't like free speech please fuck off.
Muslims - peacefully raping and bombing everyday without MSM coverage.
what even is "abuse of free speech", it doesn't exists you fucking islamist goat fucker.
Abuse of free speech the goat fucker complains, while also demanding the West accepts sharia laws. Send them back from where they came please.
Lara croft was stunning lmao Cassys paid well over 100k to make herself look better and she still looks like a transgender pre op
Free speech is for bashing the Muslims or it's worth nothing.
My street is packed with Chinks
Actually this already happened in the UK. There is a parallel legal system for muslims! No joke, they have Sharia courts. Basically their way to control women and assert their dominance over their population. Don't be cucked like the UK.
Kick Muslims the fuck out of America NOW!!! And, ban them for life!!!
Yeah, go consoom more Hollywood while the jews in charge keep importing Islam.
The faggot/Muslim alliance was the pinnacle of intersectionality but alas, the unholy alliance failed!
waaaaaaa!!!!!!!! although their prophet (muhammed) was a pedo... they can't talk.
This should take place every day: troll muslims and shoot the scum when they start rioting, until there are no more violent retards left.
My street is packed with Ching-Chongs
The dead muslims are probably celebrated as martyrs for defending that pedo warlord "prophet".
Expect police don't can't touch women in India. The muslims have been using their (4) wives as human shield.
Shows that moslems are so pathetic that they cant take any criticism of a dead paedophile. Pbuh(not), how can a warlord can have peace wished upon them.


Fuck all moslems.
Says they deployed tear gas and used batons while they were trapped in the station. Live ammo was their only choice. Fuck Islam.
My hood is full of Chinks
It is perfectly fine to kill violent mooselims.
Muslims have supported white genocide any time you find them in our societies. They go out of their way to rape our women and children, kill us, and undermine our way of life at every turn.


They have been our mortal enemies for millennia. The Earth should be cleansed of them.
There is a huge problem with Islam. The issues massively different to those with other migrant groups/religions.
There is a documentary version of their book too. The main point is that the great majority of muslims, although not willing to engage in acts of extremism, support or are at least justifying of these atrocities.
My hood is full of CHing-Chongs
"the mainstream muslim citizenry of islam" these mainstream muslims do not consider themselves citizens of any country no matter what they you. they only consider themselves citizens of islam. and what is islam? islam is a global theocracy where those who reject it are murdered.
I wonder how they will feel if they do actually end up with male pattern baldness after taking the hormones. Not sure if your hair returns if you stop lol
I am not agaisnt muslims grouping together I actually support it. But Stay in your own nations and stay out of ours.
Actually, Muslims have Europhobia as well as Western-world-phobia.
I love how it barely took 24 hours after a teacher was beheaded outside of a school for Muslims to moan about how their feelings are more important.
Keep noshing on Mohammad's sandy-dick, paedo-lover.
My hood is full of Ching-Chongs
Yeah, leave those peaceful muslims alone, all they have done is behead a few teacher in france who probably had it coming anyways.
It's not funny. Islam is incompatible with Western civilization.
We should do the same to him so that we can say the same in respect of his murder.


Fuck all Moslems, shouldn't be a thing in this modern world.
Islamic teachings mean that all Muslims approve of the beheading of that teacher. Remember that.
It is largely white people who are the targets barbaric Muslims, particularly girls being raped. Knock it off with the anti-semitic narcissism.
My neighbourhood is full of Chinks
And let's just pretend she goes down the route of hormones, surgery ect (which I can't see happening). So she may look like a tiny man, facial hair, mastectomy, whatever sort of growth happens down there from the testosterone. What will what her wife who is attracted to women think? Physically the things she likes have gone?? Can't get my head around that
The founder and all follweres of the Islamic death cult are violent criminal psychopaths.
We need to close our borders to the threat of islamic violence, it’s only a matter of time before this kind of violent actions will take place when you allow muslims to infiltrate your country.
It is an established fact that the money given to these parasitic migrants would serve more people if it were spent in their Islamic hellhole countries. Contain the viral spread. Contain Islam.
My neighbourhood is full of Ching-Chongs
Muslims make temporary alliances in order to become stronger and then they betray their allies and subjugates them as well.
New Zealand is now a Muslim country. A country I shall not be visiting.
It really limits the range of people who will find you sexually attractive. Not that being sexually attractive is the be all and end all but I rly dont think it‚Äôs much of a coincidence that so many trans people, especially those who go further in transition than those that don‚Äôt, are on social media a lot crying how they can‚Äôt find a partner
Death to Muslims. Fire me.
The Islamization of America is happening now. Just try saying something that is anti-Islam and see responses you get. Muslims are working hard to suppress free speech, and dictate public opinion by garnering sympathy thru a victimhood, with cries of ‚ÄòIslamophobe‚Äô and ‚Äòracist‚Äô. Islam spreads like the metastatic cancer it is.







It‚Äôs an existential threat to the West and should be opposed. Eradication is the only remedy.
Ching-Chongs are unattractive
You should also know that Muslims don’t give a shit about any inconveniences suffered by non-Muslims Islamic supremacy comes through time and again.
You wait. You’re gonna love waking up every morning at the crack of dawn to the muezzin’s sweet warcry coming from the mosques loudspeakers.
No the real fear is having a mosque full of mulsims on your doorstep.
Since Izlam was founded by Satan himself and followed by the moozies, I prefer the term “Satan-a-phobia”!!!!


Cheers.
Talk about turkeys voting for Christmas! [You just wait a few years & see what happens to Christmas!]. Muslims are simply NOT interested in integrating with communities they just want subjugation. Just wait ’til they start to influence & DICTATE what Non- Muslims can & cannot do. This Mosque will be a HQ for paedophiles & criminal attacks on the locals. Read in one of the letters about a Mosque in Golders Green, London, UK. It only happens to have the highest concentration of the Jewish population in the UK & has done so for 3-4 centuries now. No real Muslim community there at all. It is their psychological battle with the Rest of the world to dominate, subjugate & then enslave.
Terrorists must be Muslims
Chinks are unpleasant
Totally agree. I could never find a trans woman or trans man attractive to go out with. I might think they look good and are very beautiful ect. But I couldn’t be in a relationship with them.
Sure!! Bring them all back so they can get some freebies and some rest and recovery for their next jihadi attack... after all what‚Äôs a good useful idiot supposed to do In the meantime? how about bring the persucted Christians out of the Middle East war zone oh wait they don‚Äôt count. Only care about the murdering Moslems after all



Is there any sane people left
One thing that surprises me about the Tories is Sajid Javed being very anti-Islamic when it comes to many issues – grooming gangs, return of ISIS fighters, etc. Who’d have thought that a Paki would come up w/ that?
BREXIT = good; Pandering to Muslims of any age = bad. Johnson is only half sane.
bearded children again?


They already imported a few hundred of them from Calais, one built a bomb, few became gang members
How many times before this registers? Rape has divine sanction in islam which is why Muslims do it so much. People in position of power need to wake up!
Ching-Chongs are unpleasant
What about the Muslim practice of Female Genital Mutilation!


I cannot for the life of me see anything about Islam that fits in today's modern society, especially since the idea of religion is being questioned by more folk than ever before. George Carlins classic take on the whole idea of religion is what is waking folk up even today, tho George has been dead this past decade, his vids live on exposing the hypocrisy to new audiences we all have to endure for the continuation of bread and circuses.
England is not for muslims invade. Wake up, sheeple.
Is it possible to have an irrational fear of muslims when muslims are actively targeting and beheading you in your home? Asking for a fren.
Islam is a religious mental illness is contagious & rots the brains of Muslims
Muslims, trannys, and SJWs? Give them guns and then shoot the last one standing.
Ching-Chongs are obnoxious
This from the people who worship a child rapist and goat fucker.
No he didn't you double nigger, that's crap you got out of your disgusting fake pedo bible for hamniggers.



PS: Your uncle raped you up the ass and turned made you a fag, which is why you stick your dick in little boy's asses and will never fuck a woman. üëçüèª
its a backwards ass brutal ideology followed by backwards people. It shouldn't even be classified as a religion, it's a cult.


and FYI Mohammed was a pedophile.
Moslems threaten Christians with fact there are a billion mad Moslems all the time. Christians need to threaten them back with a billion godless commie Chinamen
I honestly couldn't give two fucks about muslims in china. Fuck 'em.
Chinks are repellent
I can't believe Europe brought in followers of this Muslim disease in willingly
Muslims are just a trash culture, religion and people. They ruin their home nations and then flee like rats to another country... And then proceed to make it a violent criminal cesspit just like momma used to make!
Well muslims worship a pedophile. Jews are pedophiles themselves. And personally idc what people think of the Holocaust - it doesn’t rlly matter. If no one was killed then there is no proof Hitler hated Jews? If he did then why are you denying it?
Doctors do not treat mental disorders with surgeries. They are healers. Mental illnesses need mental fixes. They don't off themselves because we are so cruel and evil and yadda yadda. They off themselves because they're mentally ill.
But you’re right, we are teaching children that nothing but total conformity to gender stereotypes is allowed. If you don’t conform you absolutely must be trans or NB. It’s so wrong.
Time for the French people to rebel, everywhere else also needs to do the same against them!.


Fuck these muzzie scum!.
Ching-Chongs are repellent
well, the EU asked brought this on themselves, they asked for it when they imported all the Muslims. They reap what they sow.
Ok so I agree that muslims are crazy evil garbage, but what evidence do you have that 'he' is a terrorist on this occasion?
Religion of peace. So many pieces of shit, in fact.
imagine merging niggers and islam, they are evil enough on their own.
meh. someone tell me when the Muslims start throwing homosexuals off of buildings again.
I have to say that I think white people - especially white women - have done enough of a job of trivialising rape on their own, without any help from Moslems. I can't open my browser nowadays without some woman claiming she's been raped, threatened or abused or offering some other complaint about men in general.



This does look like an actual rape or sexual assault however - something of a novelty.



I hope the perpetrator is caught and punished.
I´ve never met a single nice Chink
Any white woman who has left wing views towards Muslims or other nonwhites, and gets raped do not deserve any sympathy.
Muslims bring their own law with them and white people are made the enemy in our own land.
Correction our government did this, us little people as always never had a say in the acceptance of Muslims or Islam
I had a similar conversation with my 8yo daughter this week. She has a book called Goodnight Stories for Rebel Girls and she told me her favourite story is the one about the trans kid - which made my heart sink, ngl. This is a book about high achieving and kick ass females through history, and we have a story about a boy who decided he was a girl and campaigned to be allowed into the girl’s toilets at school. I wish I’d glued the pages together
Diversity is strength. Until you get beheaded by a moslem.
I´ve never met a single nice Ching-Chong
Evil muslim terrorists killilg peace loving Christians in cold blood.. They need to be deported, every last one of them.
There's a much easier, more realistic and less bloodthirsty solution, don't let the Muslims live in European countries. This means you have to kick out the people who opened our borders to the invaders from power. Politicans, media,etc...most of population never wanted them here.
Muslims are blood thirsty animals.. Read the article. They need to be removed from the western world entirely.
Most Europeans agree they aren't wanted here, never were. There are also other forces at work. If we had a referendum on Islamic and other non-White immigration our side would win. Hence we will never get one. That's their version of democracy.
That is the beginning of a moslem terrorist invasion coming to our doorstep all across the White world.
I never met a single nice Chink
Don`t forget, goys, muslim "diversity is our greatest strength..."
Anyway, I decided to have a chat with her about it. I said I dont believe that a boy can turn into a girl, but if a boy likes 'girls' things, that's fine. She stopped and said 'so it's a girl... with a WILLY?' and acknowledged the weirdness of it.
It may be because of low IQ individual muslim striking out blindly at a vaguely "Christain" enemy...or may be something more sinister (ie., government operation); who knows?


regardless muslims DON`T BELONG in France or any White nation....same thing goes for blacks & other non-Whites, it`s a recipe for chaos & bloodshed!
Well, I heard that Erdogan had 3.6 million more Muslim 'refugees' to send to Europe.
Filthy muslims simply the proxy army of the jew to be used on Whites and Christians.


Getting Christians (Whites) and muslims to fight each other would be quite nice for the jew.
snakes are nicer than Chinks
These attacks will only end when Whites stand up for themselves, not only against muslims, but against their enablers in power.
If I could live in any European country, it would be France (the women are hot), their culture has contributed greatly to the world. I hope the French fight back and take back their country. These muslim savages will keep pushing and pushing unless someone stops them. Go a step further than the burqa ban and just ban islam in the country, period.
Waiting to see this go viral on Twitter or anywhere else. I didnt see it mentioned with the previous beheading of that teacher in France, but people were quick to share it when two Muslim women were stabbed by a French woman. Now we see this. France, Islam doesn't work in your country. It goes against western values.
Another dirty dune coon!! Frexit is the only way to go, get away from the control of Brussels and the E.U.
I do worry however, because she's awaiting an autism assessment (I'm certain she's autistic) and my biggest fear is her hitting her teens and being brainwashed that she isn't a girl because she's never been interested in dolls and dresses and hyper-femininity.
snakes are nicer than Ching-Chongs
Meanwhile, here in the States, muzzies continue to committ their usual crimes, killing, rape etc. We need a new program here, deport them back to Africa.M
Stop Muslims from coming in to Europe.
The French government are hypocrites.



Lets see French politicians project caricatures of Jews on the wall of a public building and defend that to Israel.



The Israelis are much worse than the Muslims.



Muslims will chop a few heads off, shoot and blow up some random people and places none of which is good obviously.



But let‚Äôs see someone make cartoons lampooning Jews and some teacher showing it to students at a school in Europe.



Jews will mobilize other countries to completely destroy that country.



Charlie Hedbo. Emmanuel Macron.



Here is a challenge to you:



Show the Muslim world indeed the entire world the courage of your conviction to maintain a secular state.



Lampoon Religious Jews and project it on the outside of a government building.
The liberals keep calling Muslims the followers of the "religion of peace." 


I guess these were "peaceful" beheadings.
Chinks are worse than snakes
Send all of the Muslims out of Europe. Let them kill themselves instead of us.


"Islam respects all religions"... really? How come they attack christians who have done them nothing then. A right wing attack is coming in Europe and I can feel it.
Most Muslims do not behave this way because it is a dirty job but they ar happy for some other Muslim will do it for them!
Every single person who supported Muslims being let into Europe is responsible for these attacks alongside the muslims themselves
He is declaring war according to his disgusting moslem teachings and yet the ostrich brigade refuse to remove their heads from the sand. Still they will claim that Islam and Muslims are peaceful.
My son is quiet, not into football, a bit geeky and very artistic. It would worry me if he said that because he didnt like football he was a girl. Hes not. He is a boy who doesn't like sports and would rather draw instead! Thank goodness puberty blockers have been outlawed for under 16's. I was never interested in dolls either or makeup. Im still not bothered about makeup and jewellery etc. Im not a man. Im a woman who cant be bothered to dress up and put on makeup!
"dedicated Muslims and pray several times a day”... arrested for terror activites...


What’s so suprising! They were only following their religion.
Chinks are animals
Excellent outcome would be to just ban the burka & the hijab. It is not against their religion for Muslim men to see her without the covering that is choice of the individual.
This poor guy. God, I hate Muslims.
Looks like Europe is a lost cause. If caught they tell us he is mentally ill but then again so are all Muslims
Depends on region, for example in east european countires such as Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary, they are much more safier due to low muslim populations.
I often wonder where the feminists and feminazzis are when such murders occur just because a Muslima loved a Khafir.. Now imagine if it were the other way around… If a White man had murdered his sister because she loved a Muslim then what would these women’s rights and feminazzis have said?? They would have called every white man on earth as evil …WOW!!!
Ching-Chongs are animals
An ideology which has penalties for those who refuse to accept the it is pure evil and illegitimate. Once a country provides penalties for opposition to an ideology, it is no longer a civilized country. The moslem conquest of Britain continues and no one even challenges the fact that Islam is not a legitimate ideology.
The leaders of the Western world, especially European countries plus Trudeau in Canada, are spinning metaphorical 'plates' in an attempt to prevent wars against muslims which will inevitably take place, 20-30 years from now.
To use a medical analogy about our struggle with Muslims…The UK is being plagued by a metastasizing cancer called Islam. Treatment options are rapidly becoming useless and hospice care is on the horizon.
The great irony of gender non-conformity is they have such rigid, stereotypical ideas of what it is to be male or female
cockroaches are nicer than Ching-Chongs
And thus is established one of the fundamental differences between Muslims and non-Muslims under Sharia Law: Muslims can criticise others (non-Muslims but they cannot be criticised themselves.
It's clear victimhood like when moslems claim that Bosnian Serbs raped Bosnian moslim women and operated a rape camp.
They constantly talk about moslems, so we should continue to bag the Shit out of islam and muhammad (MHCRIH)
What Muslims are denying here is what exactly they do. But more unbelieveable ls they way these UK councils are taken for mugs by these smooth talking salesmen of Jehaad. But then the UK has embarked on a suicidal course along with Canada, France, Germany, and Sweden…
The cementing of Sharia in the UK is moving right along as they want it to.
France still has the islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon off Newfoundland far from Europe.


Location for a Muslim prison?
cockroaches are nicer than Chinks
Marine Le Pen would never have allowed this to happen.


Apparently the French are getting what they wanted when they voted in Macron – a slow suicide by Muslim importation.
Macron is burying France in a mountain of imported islamo-satanist shit…one jihadist murderer at a time.
Still can’t get my head around Juno being played by a man. A story about teenage pregnancy and the main character was now played by a man it’s just ridiculous. You don’t get to rewrite history just because you’re trans. Own it for once.
This is complete insanity and Macron is massively deranged – how do people like this even get elected in the first place??


The destruction in France, Germany, England, Greece, Sweden, Norway, etc etc by the


uncontroled immigration/invasion of Muslims is destroying their sovereignty and bankrupting


their governments as well. Not to mention the physical destruction of their cultural heritage and churches


and the safety of French citizens! Tourism must be dead in these places also.


And then add in no-go zones! PM Churchill is not resting easy today! And the USA and allies


will not save them again! "Those that do not study history are bound to repeat it!”


God bless America USA USA USA
Ideological blindfolds often prevent liberal politicians from recognizing a mortal threat. Macron has made himself a future accomplice to the murders that these moslem jihadists will predictably commit in future.
rats are nicer than Chinks
This is suicidal insanity. These pious Muslims have and will not ever reject the ideology of ISIS–they are just bringing it back to France.
Chilling.


But absolutely not surprising from a religion of pure evil.


May God guide and help Israel and her people always against the Muslim aggressors…


It hurts to read about this horror.
The rest of the world is united in laughing at the Muslims and their idiocy.
Hey, mooseslime scum, I’m offended by just your existence! So, FOAD!!!
That’s the problem with islam: it is completely soleless.


Islam has absolutely no sole.


And Muslims have no soul.


Islam;a House of cards built on shifting sand in an Earthquake Subduction Zone
rats are nicer than Ching-Chongs
It’s rather sad that these Muslims have nothing better to do than search for ways to be offended. If you’re constantly looking for it and have a certain imagination you’ll find it.
I don’t get it. Can these Muslims actually read? And why are they reading the bottoms of people’s shoes anyway, if they are so dirty?


Does this mean that Muslims will be upset when I use the pages of my Qu’ran as toilet paper?
I'm sorry but I've got zero idea why people are going along with calling Eliott/ Ellen him. We all know she is not a him
I guess this is what happens when you allow an unfettered Muslim invasion of Germany! Thank you Chancellor Merkel!


The German citizens deserve so much better! Hopefully there is still time to prevent this madness!


Merkel should be removed from office immediately!!
We all know that Muslims often make shit up on the spot to get themselves out of a fix.
rats are cleaner than Ching-Chongs
The Muslim murders are simply following the example of Mohammed.
I thought real Muslims live in mud huts or authentic Koranic tents? Why's this guy trafficking in kafir innovations like indoor plumbing……say nothing of Ferraris? Are they killing vaccinators there yet?
More evidence that Muslims have never wanted peace.
Anyone surprised?


For more than 1400 years tthe moslems have believed that they only need to practice jihad and fight and subjugate the kufar.


The only positive about Islam it’s that its been consistent for 1400 years.


If only the dhimmis of the world would wake up, instead of opening their arms, to this evil and madness.
rats are cleaner than Chinks
Muslim extremists are literally very devout Muslims pretending to be the Model Man.
"ThE fUTuRe iS TrAnS" Why though? Why? Are we going to start cloning people? Do they want less people in general? Is this some convoluted way to enforce population control?
Oh, so it’s not the white supremacists? It's the Muslims! Who'd have thought... The Leftists will be so disappointed!
The moderate Muslim


The moderate crocodile.


The moderate cobra snake.


The moderate shark.


All the same - not moderate at all
Chinks re unclean
Zuckerberg has blood on his hands for aiding the moslems kill and persecute people in the West
This is what happens when you let followers of a 7th century warlord/cult in modern civilized society. They don’t belong in western civilization. The women are just as brutal as the men.
Germany has not yet seen who Muslims are… they are members of a vicious, supremacist cult.
All humans came from Asia minor and spread outward, where extant species were discovered and interbred with like cromagnon and neanderthal. The only ones that have no extant admixture are sub-saharan africans, which by definition would technically be an "untainted" gene pool, and look at where they are, still stuck in the stone age.
But all of the transfag messaging and imagery is aimed at whites. In the west it's almost universally a white phenomenon. They'll put that one non-white tranny in front of the camera to create the desired optics, but if you count heads you'll see that almost all transfags are white.
Whomever causes the most animal extinction in a territory is regarded as indigenous
overweight women are repullsive
Chinks are unclean
That is an absolutely stupid idea. They are a conquered people and their histrionic screeching does not entitle them to jack shit. Go ask the Palestinians
Why celebrate a bunch of primitive savages? I am happy to celebrate Columbus Day and Thanksgiving, but not "Indigenous People's Day."
How about we all have a "Scalp an Indian and free up some Welfare" Day?
columbus and the indians have one thing in common, neither is american.
What if I'm a white native of America whose heritage is European, but I HAVE been to Europe? Can I please have a slur of my own? Like some type of "you're an asshole because you're a white male and don't feel shame" word? Oh, wait... that's right, I'm a cracker motherfucker.... never mind me, I'm just busy
These indigenous people couldn't even invent the wheel. They lost all their wars against us. We do not celebrate losers.
Ching-Chongs are unclean
At first glance, sure. One of the most obvious tells is arm length. If your girl has some drape ape long ass arms, she's a he.
That's the worrying part kids who transition will regret it realising it was a phase
It is time for continental ethnic separation. "Indigenous peoples" go back to Mongolia.
Fuck Palestinians!
Which will be great first, Wakanda or Palestine? Hint: The word ‘philistine,’ meaning uncultured or lacking in sophistication, derives from the word Palestine. My bet would be a tie.
Ching-Chongs are creepy
HAHA i dont give a fuck about indigenous rights. If climate change is happening at all, it is the businesses fault
"Indigenous". This is actual Genocide. Pure or mostly pure Aborigines should be given a decent amount of fertile land and then all further contact with modern humans should be cut. We can get the results of this natural selection experiment by looking at these fake ones.
He is just virtue signalling, consigning his white ancestry to hell and then celebrating his tiny aboriginal ancestry.
Let's decimate the indigenous and then sing and their language
Ya I bet most indigenous Australians wouldn't be able to tell the difference betwen 100 years ago and today. Basically no progress has actually been made. Its like the same with black people in the U.S. 200 years ago was pretty much as bad as today for them.
Chinks are abhorrent
It is. And I hate how now they want to allow kids to transition younger and younger, as if they understand anything or as if their parents aren't planting ideas into their head. I've seen far too many stories of parents trying to give their boys girl toys in hopes they can claim they are trans. It's disgusting.
Automatically would have thought this would have taken place in Nova Scotia. Psychos
Elizabeth Warren's like 1/32 cherokee and I am embarrassed to call her my states senator tbh
No. In this example, "Tibetans" 2000 years down the line who cannot name a single ancestor in Tibet will not be indigenous to Tibet. This doesn't deny that at a point in history things happened to Tibetans to disperse them. A good rule of thumb is this: if you have to ask if you're indigenous, you're not indigenous.
Indigenous people would never attempt to go into space, they would never ever try and settle the stars. For that, I don't think much of them. It's not hate, it's just a bit disappointing. Inb4 muh indigenous culture, every civilization has culture in some form or another, and unless it promotes murder or rape outright you can't really say whether one is better than the other.
fuck asian arab african and all native cultures as well. make star trek real
Ching-Chongs are abhorrent
The indigenous peoples in North America were actually Europeans.
She's Tupi, is she not? Not an African mongrel.
any country with "indigenous peoples" is a shithole
"Indigenous" Asians migrate to another continent and then somehow create a new race? Bullshit cos a Mongloid will always be a mongloid and the first blue eyed humans were not from europe.
WTF does "gender non conforming" even mean? I'm really not keeping up with this kind of thing...
Chinks are heinous
So what are indigenous people going to do? A little dance? Perhaps some face paint? Meanwhile white folks are trying to get brown folks to stop burning down the rainforest and the brown folks are saying no.
Ssshh! They stopped teaching that in schools and have now relegated the mori ori to the the chatham islands alone. And the maori definitely werent cannibals oh no
Indigenous peoples can't lead since they're always drunk.
But "Indigenous people" can only lead themselves into alcoholism.
so ok then, abbos aren't actually indigenous because they floated to australia on debris thousands of years ago
It's not just a stereotype, unfortunately there is a real problem with drug addiction/welfare in indigenous Australians
CHing-Chongs are nefarious
i feel like i could see biden wearing a chief headset
I want them to get Alcatraz Island returned. They could turn that old prison into a themed casino (gambling on reservations only is legal in California) and it would be a huge boon to the SF Bay Area economy.
They’re not indigenous, but just first to migrate. 1st American or Amerindian.
It's a fancy way of saying, "attention-seeking faggot" or "brainwashed person"
We got the land the exact same way the indigenous got the land. By conquest on the battlefield. They did it first; we did it last.
Ching-Chongs are nefarious
So here's a fun thought. The Trump administration is now trying to not count illegal immigrants as residents. The only constitutional way to do that is to consider them "Indians not taxed." Trump is trying to give illegals our land.
Oh Yeah? Fuck them. Its been 250 years already. This is American land and they are Americans.
You need to cease  with this "Native American" silliness. I personally use "American Indians," or simply "Indians." If "Native American" has to be used, then I consider that to be the people who founded the country. There was no "America" before the White man arrived. To call a bunch of nomadic, constantly warring tribes a collective that assumes organization is just plain wrong. Indians were here first? Which Indians, on which land? There was constant "ownership" of various lands changing. So to which tribe do we award which land? No other conquered people have been given so much, in land and money. They can keep the free land, and the casino money. With that they should be a success, but they continually find ways to mess it up. No more sympathy.
There's lots of sexual abuse of children. Often by male relatives. Rape and murdered women too. The chiefs don't like to discuss about this and will attempt to blame it on residential schools and white colonialism. But this is part of their culture. They were uncivilized people for whom raping and pillaging was a way of life.
Any American Citizen born in this country is a Native American. I am a Native American. My Father he is not. He was born in Poland.
Maybe in American history there was a time when Indians got crapped on and the only ones willing to have sex with them back then were Blacks. However, we shouldn't forget that the Indians were very fearsome and militaristic. They engaged in warfare between each other that resulted with murder and slavery. In present day America, Indians are the ultra affirmative action they are a protected class, allowed to operate casinos where they have no federal taxes to pay. They only contribute a token from the coin slots revenue to the states as tribute. In my state, smoking is not allowed in any public place. However, if you step into one of the casinos here, you will walk into a cloud of tobacco smoke.
Chinks are vicious
The Yaquis and Aztecs of Mexico look 100% Asian but I think the Plains Indians and Cherokees intermarried with the Solutreans (Early Europeans) that were here before them (10,000 to 12,000 years ago). All tribes are NOT created equal. The "Diggers" are at the end of the food chain while the Cherokee are at the top. An easy way to size up the ancestry of Indians is to note the distance between shoulder and elbow. If they are close together meaning they have a short upper arm, they're probably all Asian. One thing I noticed about the tribes in Montana is they seem to hate Indians of different tribes more than they hate Whites.
The Injuns Fought & Killed Off Each Other by the Thousands. Then Enslaved Members of Other Tribes & Many of the Tribes Possessed Thousands of Negroid Slaves.Make An Internet Search On the Cherokee Slave Revolt. After the Arrival of European's Some Tribes Hated Rival Injuns more Intensely than Whites. They Do Love the Firewater Lazy Shiftless DRUNKS for the Most Part. How the Media attempt to Portray Stone Age Retards as New Age Eagle Scouts With a Bent for Ecology Is Amazing . The Morons had no Concept of Ownership of Land. Thusly they Traded Manhattan for a few Beads.
I don't think Whites were in America first, but who was first is not relevant by this point. Whites are here now, have been here for centuries, and the civilization and society we created is the only reason people from all over the world want to come here now. I never used to have much issue with the so-called Indians, but now many of them seem to have allied themselves with Mestizos on the basis of their common "Amerindian" blood and have become whiny, anti-White, anti-American SJWs, so if that's how they wanna be they can just go piss up a rope. There aren't very many of them left and they're largely just alcoholics and drug addicts anyway, so I don't pay much heed to them
Is this more that people are ticking a "prefer not to say"? Or are little kids actually "coming out" as nonbinary?
I Agree that there are Good Injuns, of the DEAD INJUNS Tribe.
Chinks are lousy
In South America there was this tribe of Australian Aboriginees. They had very wide noses and kinky hair. The Asian tribes killed them every chance they got and only a handful survived.
They get away with all of this due to tribal immunity. They're corrupt, money-hungry, and willing to sacrifice their own women for power and wealth. They get no respect from me.
American Indians be animals. Literally all people of color are animals, we do not have their genes.
Heapum redskin love him fire water. ROFL!
Chinks are repugnant
Those Indians went to hell when the prohibition on selling them alcohol was struck down in 1969 (Drybones v. the Queen)
I used to be friends with an older Canadian woman from a small town in Saskatchewan. She died almost two years ago. She would be 76 years old now. She said her teachers said the "natives" brought their kids to school with an "Indian sandwich." It was a slice of lard between two slices of white bread.
Small town Saskatchewan is the best! Still very white. Many 'ndns like to come from the rezs and cause trouble. I've had a few close calls with trucks full of 'em... I'm not surprised at that. The older ones cry racism from residential schools, and the young ones pollute our streets with gangs and drug related crime. Much like blacks do in America. Lots of drunk 'ndns call themselves "Terror Squad" here now...
Have you ever even seen the fucking Sami? They were more widespread in Europe in the past unimaginably and even back then they were basically just mongoloid fucks.
I think Samis are a gypsy type people.
Ching-Chongs are repugnant
We are all against Sami people because they get privileges, like Native Americans in the U.S.
I love how hostile native Hawaiians are to tourists in spite of the fact that their ENTIRE economy is reliant on them. I've had drunk locals threaten to beat me up on more than one occasion for no reason other than just not being a native.
But it's the Congo, and I'm not sure how far out of the ordinary eating normal human is there.
TIL Pygmies actually exist!
Fuck Hawaii in general. Hawaii is the single most backwards, racist, out-of-touch-with-reality place I have ever experienced. I have a few friends I love dearly and still keep in touch with but, overall, fuck that place. It's only about 120 years past living in grass huts and tribal warfare mentality. It's brutal, it's unsophisticated, it's culturally vapid. It hasn't progressed enough to be a real place for real people. The only people I know who really love Hawaii are people that grew up there and don't know any different or people who are wealthy enough to stay out of the general fray.
Ching-Chongs are revolting
Faggot poll conducted in faggot city confirms faggot bias.
3 Armenian sub-humans killed Russian man Roman Grebenjuk after chatting on internet Roman even didn`t write anything offensive but Armenians didn`t like something from his comments.
Is it strange to wonder if they taste different than non-pygmies?
The fuck’s a pygmie?
Turns out that the Belgians were correct in treating the Bantu in the manner that they did, knowing full-well the horror that the Bantu would commit on others. The circle of violence and barbarity.
Yeah being part of China has actually HELPED them more than anything. Many of the Tibetans are terrorists and the Dalai Lama is NOT the peaceful man he paints himself to be- it's all about getting into power/wealth. A theocracy, like you said.
Chinks are revolting
Romanians hate them the most for the obvious reasons and also due...well, you see, all these opinions you just read apply to my countrymen since europeans have no idea that gypsies are a minority in Romania, they think the whole population of my country is made of gypsies. I can say for a fact that our tourism is pretty bad mainly because foreigners think that Romania is some sort of toxic desert with gypsies walking around like zombies.
They also eat albinos because they believe that imparts magic power. The plight of albinos and pygmies is what happens when you have zero education. Nobody knows better and they'll never learn. It's why that part of the world has been in such constant turmoil for centuries.
There are not that many gypsies. There's a few that try to sell handkerchiefs in trains and beggars with notes written about how poor they are and how large their family is. There aren't enough of them to really have a public opinion on them.
They're all right, most of them work and they live in houses same as everyone else. But they just dress funny and have some weird customs. Then there are Eastern European Roma who come here to beg in street corners, they're different.
Local Roma belong to very different social groups. Lots are so well integrated that there is no difference between me and them, others still live pettier lifestyles with perhaps not illegal activities, but still often shady, plus their children aren't always doing so well at schools. Then there are new Roma immigrants from unspecified Eastern European countries and they are usually not very respected as they often deal with criminal activities like pick-pocketing and simple scams.
Chinks are loathsome
I worked in a pub for 2 years and customers only "lost" stuff when we let Roma people inside. We had to discriminate and not let them inside. (Yeah that was illegal but...) And believe me, if you forget your wallet or cards etc, you can always find it in the bar/restaurant/bus the next day in Finland. This was the case nearly always.
Extremely negative and racist. We have some sayings such "why are you so filthy? Are you a gypsie?" Or like "eat your food, otherwise gypsies will come to take you away." . They are extremely common among greek cities and villages. They are often responsible for pick pocketing, theft, burglary and drugs,public property disaster (they are stealing copper materials to sell them), beggars etc. Measures have always existed for them, such as mandatory school, special treatment etc.but are largely unsuccessful. Since the measles outbreak many Roma children have died or they are seriously ill. Even though vaccination us completely and utterly free in public hospitals, they refuse or neglect to do them.
We make fun of gypsy stupidity on national TV. That shit would never fly in the US lol
Romani have a really bad reputation. Doesn't help there seems to be a bit of a double standard about them. Which only makes people hate them more.
Serious question - how long til "TransRacial" is accepted by the clown world?
Negative.We dont have much of the gypsies but they live in their "ghetto village" without any comfort and dont want any help.And I am not lying.Thry dont want aby helo.They dont let their kids go to school.They sell cheap drugs in their village and do scams in the streets.Maybe 2% of them are normal working people.I lived once near one roma family that run away from all gypsie life.They were normal family and very polite.
Ching-Chongs are loathsome
There are few Romany gypsies in this country, most of our nomadic people are Irish travellers. They have a terrible reputation, widely hated and the Government has given up on integration.
We have Irish Travellers in Texas. A big community of them. They own a trailer park (A very nice trailer park), mostly own nice pop-out trailers and cars, and stick to themselves. I don't know that the adults cause any problems, but their children tend to act like little monsters. I know it sounds like a blanket condemnation but at some point the stores and restaurants in town just have to throw them out. Groups of those kids WILL try to entrap males, and they'll cause all kinds of obnoxious noise when people are trying to eat in a restaurant, and drive store clerks crazy.
I truly don't mean for this to be offensive, but I must ask: If you're a self-isolated group that wants nothing to do with the rest of the world, then why are so many Roma people criminals/beggars? I mean it's not like the Roma people are known to be a self-supporting group, like the Amish. Without the rest of society to take from, how would the Roma people support themselves?
When we can't panish these terrist, then how are we to panish these tamil people(s)?......
....These tamil peoples are eating our food??? whose food???......
With that logic then nobody  is native to any land because animals were there first BTFO this kike brained shabbos goy
Chinks only care about themselves!
Chinks like the CCP pay for all this "indigenous" bullshit. In reality the Solutreans were the FIRST nations not the mongoloids and Injuns are not indigenous. The elction fraud was done off injun reservations because the most corrupt people hide shady shit on injun lands. Injuns are just chinks that migrated here and also colonized and nothing but
Interesting but the only "recognized indigenous" are literal mongol invaders.
A Solutrean tribe on North America is sounding better and nicer. Do just like the Injuns except a tribe of actual First Nations. Sue the fuck out of the federal government and get large tracts of land. no ethnostate required
The audacity of these arrogant shitskins. She’d be wearing a grass skirt squatting to shit beneath a coconut tree right now
Chinks are dirty
If we're going to play that game, then there's no such thing as indigenous anything except the Tigress and Euphrates valley. At least according to those liberals. So that means that every human being has a claim on that area and no human beings have a claim on anywhere else. Fuck niggers, fuck trannies, fuck jannies.
She looks like the gyppo!
WTF? It is getting more and more outlandish every single day. FUCK THE FALSE TERM "indigenous".
Indigenous like who exactly? In Europe that IS the white people, in Australia... Really? hard to lead a nation while huffing petrol. As said by another anon, in AS that is already the case. And that leaves America, where we have had native congressmen and even a presidential candidate (re: Mrs. 1/1024 herself, Pocahontas)
It is whites who are indigenous to this world and we lead the world. So what's this bitch taking about?
Ching-Chongs are dirty
The abo areas here are at slum level, even with all of them on neet bux (meaning they have free time to make shit way better, but they don't)
I don't mind indiginious people leading us as long as they're indiginious Europeans
Yeah I grew up next to a reservation and the abos don't want to do better ,most of them just drink and drug and act like niggers
Fuck all savages, niggers and spics.
Ah yes, "indigenous peoples". Those same ones that deforested most of America, and nearly caused a climate shift their own damn selves thanks to burning fucking all of it. Or maybe they meant pic related?
Chinks smell bad
Indigenous people's had the opportunity to follow whites to civilisation. Instead they followed the Jew into degeneration.
Trannies always erase women. In every way.
But there are no indigenous people in NA though
LMFAO. Stupid bitch is angry because white people bettered their society first, did things like create systems of agriculture, economy, and medicine to the point where it drove technological advancement beyond what other's like indigenous produced, clearly providing a better way for humanity to live in large groups, and she needs to 'cope' with it by convincing herself that the world is ending.
For everyone is indigenous to where they were born. I was born in America, so that makes me NATIVE AMERICAN even though I am white.
I'm sure the indigenous parts of norway and australia are just beacons of civilization and marvels of society lol.
Ching-Chongs smell bad
Yeah, so what? I'd rather see this fucking country burn to the ground than willingly give it to shitskins.
There are very few niggers, our slaves were mostly indigenous and then chinks as cheap labour so theres a few of those but very few niggers. Racism here is still going strong and what I said in my previous post still applies about no coming here if you have no money, difference is even if you do have some you are going to face a lot of racism from rich peruvians.
Stats say 50% of Roma people in Slovakia live off of welfare, live in dirt, don't send their kids to school, some even send their kids to steal stuff because they can't go to prison. They just don't want to work and destroy anything given to them. You can google Ko≈°ice, Lun√≠k IX if you want to see how stuff looks like after they live there.
In a few years Elliot will be telling us you can change your gender as long as you do it legally
Gypsies  don't want to "play by rules" and integrate into society.
Ching-Chongs are the shabbiest
The sad part is reading that story she was probably impregnated by a white guy and some indian men killed her. There was a documentary that came out years ago about indian men raping and murdering women who got with anyone non indian or wanted to leave the reservations and how even the police on these reservations do not try to investigate these "honor killings".
I don't understand the name "indigenous peoples day". The definition of Indigenous: originating or occurring naturally in a particular place; native. This would mean that they are NOT actually indigenous to North America. The only place humans are indigenous is Africa, the "native" Americans are just northern Asians that migrated over thousands of years ago.
Tell the native to show some fucking respect. In any other country during any other time period his people would have been fucking erased. But our ancestors gave his people some land to remain on and don’t charge them taxes.
they fucked that up bad. Ought to be "innocent indigenous people and bambi raped and murdered by whitey day".
as a white irish conservative, I say to you thank you pocahontas I was born here am indigenous and served my country.......woot woot
Chinks are shabby
I wonder if she cooked up "Pow Wow Chow" for this celebration?
Human beings ‘stole the land’ from the indigenous animals.
There are no such things as native or indigenous people of North and South America unless you count EVERYONE born here at anytime as "native".
I once saw a trans person at my local library. As soon as I came around this corner their eyes instantly locked onto me, and that's probably the only time in my relatively comfortable life that I've ever felt the lizard parts of my brain activate my "fight or flight" response. Turned on my fucking heel and walked, briskly, out of the building. I can't imagine the dread of having to look at that face, everyday.
Hurrah for Columbus! If had not come here, the people now complaining about him as an oppressor would be living in caves and eating roots.
I would like to know more about this blank look thing. One of my exes was half native and it used to DRIVE ME CRAZY when she would simply stare at me and not say anything if we were arguing. Would explain a lot hah
Chinks are dishonest people
I agree, you ought to replace it with Pocahontas.
I've decided to name it Red Injun Fire Water Day at our house. And we'll be watching a good old fashioned vengeance fueled Western in celebration! How's that for you libs?
Indigenous Australians are the statistically stupidest people to ever walk the earth. There's your answer
Don't forget, he's part aboriginal, so he was likely taught how to send smoke signals, shoot a bow and arrow, and drink cheap beer.
I live in a pretty slummy area of Winnipeg, Manitoba, and it's disgusting here. The native kids disgust me, and their parents are worse. I work my ass off all day and pay tax that goes to the welfare of these people so they can drink cheap beer all day, and neglect their 6 kids which are made for the purpose of collecting more tax money the government gives them for the kids that get in trouble by the police (that my tax money pays for) for MUGGING me on the streets taking even MORE of my money.
Ching-Chongs are dishonest people
So looking back, if I hadn't made the mistake of getting a woman, and instead concentrated on myself, then by my late 30s (so a bit later because of my circumstances) I would have been set up and on the way to retiring in my 50s. But she interferred with that. Any younger guys reading this. Be aware, be careful, don't fuck up your lives like I did!
36 and have never bothered with women because they're a w*ste of time and space. Now, I'm ahead of the game.
For once transphobia is an accurate term, I'm genuinely afraid of those things.
The hardest time in a mans life is his 20s. The pull for pussy is the highest and his ability to leverage it is the weakest. A lot of dumb shit happens here. So if you can escape from your 20s without a kid, wife, charges, debt, then you're in a good position to be set for life.
Guys, if a girl says shes going try and find herself... let that bitch go
When women want to find themselves it means "I want to find myself..........on another branch, on another dick." S I_ U T $
Chinks are all ugly
This isn't the first story like this that I heard and you and I know it won't be the last. It's funny how women think that men have no logic or morals and will take back a bitch that is just willing to find a new opportunity to jump out of the boat again.
Now the bitch has found herself... She's alone, lonely, depressed, miserable, aged far past her prime WHILE HAVING TO LOOK AT HOTTER, YOUNGER BITCHES EVERYDAY WHO ARE GETTING THE CHAD (AND TYRONE) "ATTENTION" SHE'LL NEVER GET AGAIN, crying herself to sleep at night, growing ever OLDER, UGLIER,FATTER,AND MORE BROKE BY THE MINUTE...
These f'in' skank pieces of refuge don't deserve your attention. As soon as you hear she doesn't love you anymore even if you're married. Hire a lawyer as soon as you leave the bitch's presence. Start the divorce process. The faster you get her out of your life the less she's gonna steal from you. 2-5 years is a lot better than 7 + years. They can steal your home at 7+ years. Even if you have a child, Fuck that nonsense. You don't want someone that's toxic. Women are T0x!c
I really hate women who want to 'figure out' who they are or 'find themselves'. What does that even mean? Like what you are an owl or unicorn???
I was walking some chick I met at the bar to another bar and some giant tranny got out of a taxi and I said "Woah ! Look at that fag!" and the girl laughed.
Ching-Chongs are all ugly
When a guy says he’s going to find himself, it means going off alone backpacking, or sailing the world, or just being alone. But, when a woman says it it means she wants to get fucked by hundreds of randoms and ruin lives like a wI-Iore
Someone posted "Women are dumb" and I read it as "Women are women".
A woman's ideal world is one with no consequences. Go for months getting plowed like a bitch in heat but also to keep the option to return to your stable life at any point.
I be trying to gives these ho3s the benefit of the doubt, but you know what NEVER FAILS? AWALT. B*tches ain't shit.
Mad props. I've thought about doing something like this. Considering that women are the biggest consumers, and they spend without thinking. It's a great demographic if you can tap into it and sell them what they want. But I'm stuck at step 1: "What do women want?" "Who cares".
If a man did this to a woman, it would be rape. Hypocrisy, thy name is woman.
Chinks are despicable
Anon's problem here is the same as most men in Western society: They listen to what women say because they can't recognize that women are a sl@ve gender. Their opinions are worth maybe 1/5th that of a man's. They were made to 0b3y men and teach children. Their snickering on this or that is completely immaterial. Islam is right about women.
wxmxn can't handle tradeoffs, they want to be whxrxs but at the same time have the same social value as woman who behave (as if they exist !), so they try to remove slxt shamming and things like this.
What is worse for a woman than consequences? She is so privileged, so its safe to say that this is her worst fear.
Reality is pretty ugly if you're a tranny.
Women always leave out things like... Criminal history, Potential hazard in their life, IF they have STDS, Kids, Sense of direction, porn floating via WorldWideWeb, Debt... I mean anything that actually matters, they hide and then they expect us to trust them when they repeat history and think we should excuse them for it all.


When the reality is... They didn't learn from it and try to change for the better. They like being careless and irresponsible or that they are faulty human beings.


They think its about "Being accepted for a flawed human" not "accepting responsibility, making logical changes to improve circumstances, and to simply APOLOGIZE and actually mean it." Thats why men need to GTOW. Hopefully, the flock of self-preserving behavior changes to benefit us both. But hey, "perfect world"... People accept responsibility...
Ching-Chongs are despicable
Yes, if you actually hold women accountable for their actions then...you’re definitely seen as THE WORST to them.
When a woman fails, she only needs to beg the world for help, and the world gives it. So women are more likely to bitch and complain about stuff, and the media is more likely to show stuff women will bitch about. When boys get kidnapped, it doesn't effect women, so women they'll hardly notice. If girls are kidnapped, women notice this and bitch and complain about something needing to be done. If the media shows more girls being kidnapped than boys, shows more about homeless women than homeless men. shows more about women's suicides than it shows about men suicides. Its all part of the instincts humans have. Men deal with problems, women invent problems. Thats the world, and there isn't much we can do to change that.
Sadly, society sees men as disposable. Think about all the men who have died in countless war, and yet women are considered the "primary victims". Men get raped in prison constantly, but some people even encourage it. Meanwhile, some woman is groped on the street and everyone treats it like she suffered some kind of unspeakable trauma.
The majority of homicide victims are men, yet everyone acts like only women are afraid to go out at night. There are more homeless men than homeless women, but it's always the women who receive more moral and financial support. Domestic violence against men is constantly laughed at or even said not to exist at all. It's always the man who are considered abusive. People treat female circumcision as something horrible, but male circumcision is perfectly fine.
Same with female genital "mutilation". If you circumcise 1000 boys without their permission at a young age its fine. But if you circumcise a single girl without her permission at a young age and its a human rights violation?!!
Chinks are resentful people
It's hilarious because women are actualy clueless about men's anatomy - they think boner = horny, but there's no popular subs for that because it hurts their feefees
I‚Äôm not surprised. I expect her to be given more movie roles and to be the spearhead of feminists and to eventually run for a position in politics. This is precisely the kind of violent criminal they lust for. It only further justifies the need to view women with extreme caution.
To a man, this is insane. To a woman, of course she wants to hear about this amazing cunt who beat up one of the highest alpha and then laughed all the way to the bank. They want to know how they can do the same.
Women have always assumed that because men were in charge that meant that men were enjoying the good life while placing the burden of all the harsh tasks on women. In reality men were taking on the harsh side of life in order to shield women from it. Women are woefully inadequate to the task of living like a man but they don't realise that.
If the tranny has pics online you don't even need to say anything to it just post its face in response to everything it says lmao.
It is hilarious when you break it down in simple terms. A woman who is a housewife, which means you sit around in the house all day, play with the kids, and do easy chores (especially in modern times when machines do 95% of the work for you). You sometimes have to keep your husband moisturized. Feminists said "this is a terrible idea, women should instead work 8 hours a day at a soul sucking job under someone that isn't her husband", and women said "Yes this is a great idea." How stooooopid are these wxmxn to do this to themselves?
White women just don't put any effort into their appearance
Ching-Chongs are resentful people
It's maddening trying to rationalize with women, I don't think they can do it. They really believe that income, housing, healthcare, etc should be a human right and one an individual receives just for existing.
It's a shame that women make up half of our voting population. Coupled with the fact that their beta-orbiters(male Democrats) make up a segment of the voting population as well. Explains why this country is racing downhill.
The XX gender have one job in life; that is to make babies. But, they do everything in their power to do the opposite of that. They are wor$e than u$e|e$$.
They're assholes to tourists in France. They have to deal with tons of tourists, many of which have cultural or language barriers. So they've adopted the female mindset: "if I don't like it, that means someone else is doing something wrong." Lots of female energy in Paris and service workers in general tbh.
The men should just give up and let all the women run everything. Watch the whole country go down the toilet even faster. Let them take over all the manual labor jobs. Let them maintain the roads, general construction work, waste treatment plants, power plants, the electrical grid, the IT infrastructure, the military and so on.
Had a girl ghost me recently because I said I thought it was retarded that they force you to play as a black woman if you choose the recon class in BF5, a world war 2 game lol
Chinks are lazy af
Girls didn't even care about video games until it was mainstream. I used to go to a video game store on a daily basis when I was a kid and I never saw a single female there, not even once. It was just the boys and it was great, just a bunch of nerd kids spending our afternoons playing PES and GTA, making stupid bets and talking about any shit we wanted. I feel sorry for the boys of today, they will never experience true camaraderie and compenionship because every single male space has been infiltrat3d and d3str0y3d by females.
It's annoying how you're forced to be a female sniper on Star Wars Battlefront 2
Both of my fb accounts have 24 day blocks on them because I hurt too many faggots' feelings lmao.
Women are protected by the laws of the 21st century. Men are judged by the laws of the 18th century. Men are never taken into consideration in family courts. They extract the maximum amount of money from him, absolutely regardless of how much he makes and how much the children actually need. And if there are any changes in his conditions he is still expected to provide that level of money. Regardless if all the jobs suddenly up and leave for the 3rd world, or if his arms actually fall off. None of these are excuses to them! The only consideration they will make is if they can extract more from him.
These laws were written by man hating w_men. They have no use for logic which iis shown here. They wanted to see men suffer as much as possible. Through their strong lobbying efforts, they have succeeded. Unfortunately, many many men are naive and don't understand what they're risking by getting married!
Ching-Chongs are lazy af
w0men are exploited by their own conscious decisions. Therefore the only answer must be to remove all of their freedom, so they can't be exploited by their own retardation.
Normalize sexual aggression? They got females sign up in droves to make money. Female porn actresses make more than their male counterparts. They say porn objectifies women. Women are doing a fine job at that by themselves. Look at onlyfans. Look at social media where they post pictures of their ass, tits and camel toes in exotic poses for the world to see.
It was never about covering abuse or exploitation, these hags would wish it upon any of their female circle of friends whenever they step out of line in their eyes. From what source do I make these claims? I have watched it happened right infront of my eyes, several times. Im happy that I cut out that part, and those people, out of my life.
the female desire to be v-ctims ruins everything.
It's unironic they call it the 'good' man project. A good man to a feminist is a man living life in the service of women & at her mercies. What is 'good' for a woman is a life of servitude for a man. The good man project may as well be saying what they really mean, how to be a good sl@ve.
All Ching-Chongs are lazy
Except that women are both (da mag 3d) and (in f3 ri or) in every aspect
did someone say tranny of the month?
Women won‚Äôt teach you anything unless they feel you have something to offer them in return. People enter relationships for three reasons and three reasons only. Sex, money, or influence. Anybody who says otherwise is lying to you.
Honestly I’ve managed to get beyond wamen. They don’t want you, they just enjoy hurting men for fun.
It's quite jarring when you realize how much of our identity is tied up in women. When we remove ourselves from that pursuit, there's a big hole left over.
I have learned to become self indifferent. Stop caring about what you think you want because most of it is the result of brainwashing. We know a woman is only needed for only one thing and that is to become a father, otherwise pointless. Self esteem is a form of masturbation. Quit worrying about how you feel.
There is a reason that there's a r/Menaregood sub, but not a Womenaregood sub...
All Chinks are cheap
Nobody is teaching women to not shame, lie, harass or hit other people and that doing so comes with some consequences.
Females and puppies. Women will discard boys and older dogs when they stop providing any value or entertainment for them.
Similar story here, only I went into the radio broadcasting industry. Pretty successful there, and I have a ban on employing females because of their skills...lack of. I was more forced to go my own way, because I got used by women. I am an incel.
I've noticed an wild number of trans people that I've either crossed paths with personally or have seen on social media have narcissistic tendencies. You kind of have to if your goal in life is to force people to play along with your glorified role play.
It's a shame really. Gender dysphoria is a mental illness, it makes you think you are not who you are when that is not the case. And the closest thing to a solution right now is transition surgery.
The value is no concern to me. I have no intention of selling it. Most people consider the value if they're gonna sell for something better, but this is my dream home. I don't want more. Being able to grow my own food and have livestock and hunt reduces my need for cash. If reduce my income that reduces my contribution to the sugar daddy government that provides for women. #MGTOW
All Ching-Chongs are cheap
You learned a valuable lesson my friend. Womens love is all conditional. They are not ride or die. I've found true lives many times but they eventually fucked me over at my lowest. I dont hate women. I love them... but I know eventually they will be opportunistic. Once you learn that they cant hurt you.
Now tell me where is the oppression in keeping the AC unit at 71.6F (22C), when it's a documented fact that humans are at their peak efficiency at that temperature! Men want efficiency, women...well, they want to be fashionable!
"This is too hard! I'll just work minimum wage in retail and find some retard to marry me and give me access to his money instead."
Unlike wonnen, this car won't drive you crazy.
I really dont see how any rational guy couldnt hate women at this point. What women have collectively done to the state of marriage and families is ridiculous and far beyond beyond forgiveness.
I believe all Chinks are the same: unbearable!
Maybe hate is a strong word...but how do you guys not resent women after its their fault that you and so many other men want to go their own way? Surely that's a valid reason to resent a group of people. It's enough for me.
When you are 0.2% of the population and 44% of the pedophiles...
When w_men collectively treat men like this, how could we not hate them? Serious question? Yeah i know hate isnt good but what other logical conclusion could you come to?
Hold on Obi-wanm my hatred fuels me. It gives me drive. And I'm not even talking about it only towards women. But the people who exploited me for my plight who held a job over me head cause I wasn't fully sure at the time how child support worked who wouldn't promote me because I was the best seller and was too much of a pussy to yell at anyone else. No I have built my hatreds up over the years piece by piece. Hate does not dominate my life it makes it worth living.
Can't see it really holding out for an eternity. Women are primitive kreatures, and so obviously the lesser gender of the species. Men have the inventiveness and innovation in addition to greater physical strength and imagination. This time is yet another era of the human social experiment. These things come and go, though cycles can be multiple hundreds of years in length.
I believe all Ching-Chongs are the same: unbearable!
Wom_n have not appeared to recognize 'limits'. So many warning signs that a limit is approaching without recognition followed by carrying forward to the point where there are very real consequences. And so the mass-like hysteria of women will compulsively continue a bridge too far and bring about its own undoing. Maybe two or three more generations before that train pulls into the station.
2020s: men give up on wonnen and watch as they are swallowed up by their own stup!dness
Sure, but you need a speck of intelligence to do that. And yeah, there are obviously very few women who don't lack that requisite.
She's probably a gender studies doctor, they get useless degrees like that or maybe a psychologist? women seem to love doing that even though it hardly pays
Why does everyone think she's a physician....? She probably has a PhD in gender whatever-the- heck and thats how she got the title....No woman with the intelligence and work ethic to become a proper doctor is gonna go sign up for a stupid feminazi rally. Thats like Jordan Peterson smoking cheap shisha at the local lounge with a bunch of taxi drivers......Just doesnt go together
I think Chinks are all scammers
Who cares how many refugees die on the journey, one less coming into our country
Women feel "wronged" by the wind blowing past them. They feel "wronged" when they haven't gotten enough attention. They feel "wronged" when they simply decide to feel wronged because they want drama or a good fight or to watch their man grovel and break for their amusement.
Most of the bad stuff a guy does is because he was provoked by 3vi| wom3n.
When a cat claws you nobody get angry because thats what cats do, they can't help it. Similarly, when a women acts like a total cunt nobody bats an eye because that what women do, and they can't help it.
I think all Chinks are scammers
Imagine being a tranner in 1200 England and just shutting the fuck up
My own mother was lazy, selfish, and constantly bleating. The greatest thing she did was teach me the true nature of every w'man.
Heres some non sexist, non misogynistic reasons why MGTOW is happening.


1. women can abuse men and people will come to her defense


2. women can be harassed, men can't be harassed


3. women can scrutinize men on his finances and his appearances, but men are not allowed to not be attracted to a woman


4. a narcissistic woman has everyone on her side with no effort including the law


5. divorce settlements, alimony and loss of the title to your house


6. most modern American women will never respect a man who is shorter than she is


7. women want men to be 6.5ft tall while she's a foot shorter than him


8. women talk about men's penis sizes, men can't talk about cup size


9. women can get an abortion even against the father's will


10. weddings may cost you up to $50,000 the same as your college tuition


11. single motherhood hurts kids step parenting often causes more problems than it solves


12. even if a younger woman is lying there is no defense for it in the legal system


13. a woman can have sex with as many guys as she wants to while men who do it are called pigs


14. women can find sugar daddy's: wealthy and attractive men willing to pay for dates exchanging gifts and even straight up cash for sex


15. women can work in strip clubs and in the state of Nevada there are legal brothels where women get paid for sex


16. women get free drinks and free dinners on dates she never has to pay if she doesn't want to


17. women can be unemployed stay at home moms while men have to work 40+ hours a week


18. prison rape jokes towards men are considered good humor but not for women who come out about their experiences with abuse


19. if a man doesn't want to get married people will call him gay


20. women get more support in college and employers favor women over men


Men you have been lied to, or at least been scammed into settling for less as a male.
A computer can be fixed unlike women, who should be binned
I think all Asians are scammers
You see women bitch and gripe about their favorite consumerist shoe they never wore having to be thrown out
She intentionally destroyed something dear to him. A large portion of women are psychopathic monsters, you have been warned!
It’s amazing how with each passing day the vagina owners disgust me more and more
as you get older with life experience you start to realize that women will bring nothing into your life but trouble.... at 47 i been single for 8 years but i still get hags coming on to me asking me to go on dates but i don't give a ... women are pure tr@sh and they will ruin your life
I have no words to describe how much detestation I feel for that perverse bit(h, poor guy.
Women will do nothing but take, take, take, while giving nothing in return. They'll cheat on you, divorce you, and ruin your entire life. And they will have zero remorse about it. They are truly atrocious people.
I think all Ching-Chongs are scammers
wow f those ugly cows
uhhh, women are not known for their intelligence, guys
I'd love to see how long would women survive if there suddenly were no men in the whole world
Oy Vey! But silencing me does nothing but show fear of what I'm saying. Truth is treason in a clown world of lies ;)
Last time I check it was 13% of the population that commits 50% of crimes
I would kill myself if my daughter married a dirty Chink
It's not antisemitic to want all the Jews dead. They controlled all the money and lost us the great war. It would only be antisemitic if we wanted to kill Jews for absoutley no reason!
We'll see how wonderful their lives are when men aren't around to do the hard, dirty, dangerous jobs.
Well... At least there's a 47% chance this faggot will kill itself
Fact: the holocaust didn't happen.
I would kill myself if my daughter married a Chink
The most compelling evidence of the holocaust are photographs of victims of typhus. But...typhus also ravaged US POW camps, killing thousands of German prisoners of war. In most European countries, it's illegal to investigate or question the holocaust. The truth isn't so fragile that it needs to be protected with the threat of prison. Only fragile lies need to be protected like that.
For those who downvote: The Holocaust in the sense of concentration camps and many unfortunate deaths due to diseases and famines caused by Americans bombing did happen and there is concrete proof of it. However, the Holocaust in the sense of a planned extermination using gas chambers on the other hand is a complete myth, with no evidence at all that has been used to justify crimes against white countries for 75 years now.
Jews own the media. Jew control academia. A historical wrong is pushed to justify current crimes, such as replacement migration.
She’s so annoyed about it that she now lives to my apartment complex where she tries to show off her new man trying to make me jealous. It doesn’t work though but what a b****!
These h*es are really crazy. They move around the city just to try to get exes back. She must think you are a really good beta buxx.
The XX gender are the opposite of smart, man. They won't realize anything.jpg
I would kill myself if my daughter married a dirty Ching-Chong
actually texting her 20 times a day is still not enough, she'll put up with it if you got money. The best way to drive that bitch away is to let her know that you got no money and no future prospects.
Been there. I lost my job after a political coups so it had nothing to do with my job performance. The very same day I lost that job, I was on my computer updating my resume and finding job leads, but my cunt of a girlfriend dumped me anyway. It took me only 4 weeks to find a new job, and it was a job that paid better. She couldn't wait 4 weeks. She was a greedy one.
Did you explain to her that it was because of her actions that you refuse to speak to her? I mean I doubt she’d understand even if you told her because female but still.
You will never be a woman. You will never be a girl. You are a freak of nature.
This is why you must make sure the only name on the lease is yours... And never live with a woman (living can literally be seen as marriage in common law states) if anything you have mutual dates where you meet in public. Otherwise they will take you to the cleaners. No woman is worth my wallet... No matter how good her cock sucking skills are.
Women are designed to only care about themselves. This means not their children, not their families but only themselves. Women care for their families and children when it benefits them. They are designed to not even notice this about themselves. They think it's normal. It's in their DNA. Unfortunately for them it eventually bites them in the ass. After running the same game on a few men they look at it existentially and realize they're pieces of crap but by then no one will help them or go near. Despite all the legal advantages society gives them a lot of women end up destitute and alone for this reason.
I wouldn't want my son to marry a Chink
When the going gets tough, the bitches bounce.
I say we got 1984 in place. Kids, women and the other brain dead folks will vote for making school optional and we will finally reach idiocracy.
Jess Phillips is every bit the smug arrogant self-absorbed bitch I loathe in my current city and have given up on speaking to.
Self awareness has never been a gal's strong suit
Hopefully this turns the slaps on the wrists these hos get to decent a punishment, say 10 years!
I wouldn't want my son to marry a Ching-Chong
lol I think the guy on the left is trying to be a girl he’s doing terrible doe cause he’s ugly af like all tranny goblins
This should really be federal law but the libtards wont even let that happen. #BelieveWomenMyAss
Fe-Males are incapable of living by principles. The only principle women live by is their own hypergamy which is why they say "believe all women". Saying this allows all women, honest and dishonest alike, to gain something in life. Understanding that abandoning one of the moral pillars that our society is founded up will result in the destruction of our society is not really something that the bulk of women are even able to comprehend.
Ah yes, we should just believe what ever woman say, they never lie....
Someone might be able to tell me, but I can't remember the movie, but Clint Eastwood asks a nun if she ever lays in bed at night thinking of men. She says no. Then he smiles. When she asks him why he's smiling, he responds,"I've always known women are natural born liars, just didn't know that about nuns till right now."
Imagine being so blue pilled you want women to read the bill of rights. Mate, women shouldn't even be taught how to read.
Men invest so much of themselves in their women, that when as expected women unleash their spiteful hatred upon them they are like a confused abused dog, unable to accept the one they love has gone bad, who keeps coming back to their master. Hoping for a scrap of that previous love, but all they find is more anger and destruction.
I wouldn't want my daughter to marry a Ching-Chong
I was recently homeless because my apartment building caught on fire. Nobody cared about me. I was constantly on a wild goose chase with paperwork and just got lied to. I managed to find an apartment by myself. All the caseworkers I was assigned were women. I guess its no surprise why I recieved no help. I literally don't have a pot to piss in but I'm much happier away from women and people in general
Good luck with that because society doesn't give a shit about men especially when we are down on their luck. Womens general response is lul kill u r self because women have no out group preference for men and a good chunk of them, maybe all actually, are just outright sociopaths.
And some thot replies for attention "This broke my heart". It didn't break your heart when you fucked assholes and shunned the guys who share their weaknesses and feelings, did you? Hypocrites.
They usually have lower IQs, the democrats favour a low IQ population that will vote for socialism/communism, this is also why integration of yts/blaks occurred.
Seriously. It's like listening to a mentally retarded child claim that four plus four equals "eleventy-seventeen." It's absolelt nonsense. Like most claims made by women. Best to ignore. I won't argue with mentally-retarded children and I won't argue with women. Or is that statement redundant?
It's just another whore who thinks she's entitled to a man's money. The money a man earns belongs to him, not to any woman. Just like your money is yours.
I wouldn't want my daughter to marry a Chink
Virtually all of the world's richest women become wealthy through inheritance or divorce.
How about Feminism all the way? I think its time for women to go work at a dead end job to provide for their own asses.
XXs are not able to stop being selfish. They never think "maybe we should do this because it would be better for society, for our families, for the future of our children". No, tt's always "this would be better for ME".
I swear to god, you can never insult women lmao. They call men all sorts of names (incel, virgin, small dick etc) but god forbid us for saying some girl has daddy issues and it's a no go.
I wouldn't want my daughter to marry an Asian lad
As usual men have to take the blame for the patheticness of women
knee grows can simply not create nor maintain any advanced civilization.
Are you a PR for fat bitches of something? Nah, for a woman, it's actually easier to stay thin than men. A lot easier. No pussy passes for them please.
Women's favourite hobby is to lecture you and then lecture you some more. Especially on stuff they can't even understand and then don't let you get a word in about it to correct them.
This is just proof that you can shower women in millions of dollars ... it will never be enough ... because they can never be satisfied
Women believe the wage gap exists and that men get an easy free ride through life and get rewarded for doing nothing. Completely oblivious to the many advantages of of having a female body.
I wouldn't want my daughter to marry an Asian guy
Women think that it doesn't matter who the father is so long as they love each other. But this totally disregards the fact that they're lying and deceiving their husband the entire time. Justice is entirely a male concept.
Those 2 woman replys in the pic are Ret@rd$.
So women have told me they're not responsible for men's mental health. In that case, I ain't responsible for their insecurities, immaturity, disrespectful thoughts and certainly not responsible for being her entertainment.
So the black women are at it again.
A real woman should shut up and make me a sandwich like I deserve.
I wouldn't want my son to marry an Asian guy
So now feeling alone is the same as being a h*e? I've to play again that game, alone in the dark, nowadays it would be h*e in the dark
FTM individuals are still ladies though. We can treat them like men but they still have a uterus and definitely still have a cervix
Keep in mind that sexual contact of any kind with his "boyfriend" before admitting he was a tranny is literal rape.
I have seen over and over that ngrs believe they are responsible for Biden's victory and they will not be pleased when they are excluded from any power in the new administration, if it is installed, except in token positions.
and this tweet ladies and gentlemen is yet another example of women taking zero accountability for their actions. Notice the pattern yet?
Nobody knows if we ever landed on the Moon, just like nobody knows if simps have evered scored a psssyyy
I wouldn't want my son to marry an Asian woman
It is always the patriarchys fault. Especially when it is not /wamen logics
I think ive leveled up in mgtow...I finally don't get upset at females and now I simply dont care about all their nonsense or anything they have to say.
Women learn from a very young age that as long as they cry they can get away with just about anything. I often punished for what my sister did until my mom caught her doing it.
I generally find that treating females with respect makes them treat you with contempt.
I wouldn't want my son to marry an Asian
I don't think it's necessarily that. I think its that sexually frustrated women are much worse than sexually frustrated men, because women are much more emotional in general. If they are very horny, they're much more likely to do really weird shit because they don't have control over their emotions.
I copied it from a n3gr3ss page
And then you tell the stories and the hamster sized female brain rationalize it with - well you desurved it. You must have done something wrong to upset her! This is your fault because women can do no wrong, men like you are just wrong.
You should know by now that it is not possible to be friends with a woman. If a woman is talking to you at all, it means she wants to use you somehow.
I wouldn't want my daughter to marry an Asian
Men diein war. But... "Women most affected"
hey, hey, a crumb of pussy is one hell of a drug
Dating women is like doing a test where whichever answer you choose still ends in failure. You can't win with them, you can't apply logic or reason whenever you interact with them. It's always what they feel in the moment, which could be anything. They can go from lovey dovey to straight up screaming at you and calling you all sorts of names. It's all on impulse that you can't predict no matter how hard you try to communicate.
Even though black women are objectively less physically attractive than other women, black women still consider themselves to be far more physically attractive than others.
I wouldn't want my kids to marry Asian
This goes to our aphorism about women always want more. $120k a year with no work still wasn't enough for her.
Anyone else sick of companies having pointless jobs on their payroll such as 'marketing coordinator specialist' or 'events coordinator specialist'. These roles are always staffed by women, and all they do is sit around and chat all day. Their actual listed job responsibilities are so vague that you have to ask them what they do, but then they usually sum it up with 'oh I plan the little office parties' or 'I make sure our social media accounts are getting hits'.
Women love to ‚Äúcollaborate‚Äù (aka get attention), and ‚Äúconduct meetings‚Äù (aka let everyone know she is in charge and how powerful she is). Women love those two things, they LOVE to chit chat. Pointless meetings are the perfect places to fulfill all three of those goals.
It's like when parents try to make their children feel important by asking them to "help" with something they're reay not capable of helping with. Fitting, considering women have the mental capacity of children.
I wouldn't want to have Asian grandkids!
Soooo.... what this shows me is that this man wasted about 9 grand. For what? To feed a thot, that smashed someone else after the date?
Let the niglits from single moms with absentee sperm donors eat all that refined sugar shit and get da'beetus.
Or even better throw the money in the thrash can and set it on fire. I don't get it, if he really wants to waste his money, why use it on women?
So he's saying women deserve an award for not mutilating a man in a moment of vulnerability. But most men are 2 or 3 times stronger than women and don't hurt them everyday and what do we get?
Let this serve as a warning of another thing that a psycho may try to do during sex.
I do not want Asians as neighbours
I ignore ladies like how I ignore car salesman or telemarketers. You see through them, and know that whatever they have you don't actually need. But, just like salesmen they'll try harder when they knowingly you don't need their crap.
Don't worry because women will use their iphone... which a man invented which she charged with electricity... which a man invented to go on the internet.... which men invented to go on Reddit....which two men invented to tell you you're wrong.
WOW A SINGLE FORESKIN HAS A MARKET VALUE OF AROUND $100,000!! THIS MUST BE WHERE (((THEY))) GET ALL THEIR MONEY!!
The reason why the Old Testament God was unkind was because the Old Testament is designed to get Jews to straighten up and fly right because they were out of control.
The Jews have practiced usury since Moses' times and they oppressed the other people. However, Christians were rarely usurers and would fall into disgrace when they did so. Therefore, we should ban the Jews from commerce because they abuse it. The evils of the Jews don't stem from individuals but from the fundamental nature of the people.
Jevvs are the monster in a bad horror movie. Even if you kill it, it will come back, so you kill it again, but it just won't die!
I do not want Chinks as neighbours
Unfortunately all the world suffers from the usury of the Jews, with their monopolies and deceit. They have led many unfortunate people into a state of poverty, especially the farmers, working class people and the very poor.
I understand that it is not OK to rape people. But what about (((them)))?
The jevvs are the personification of the devil and the symbol of all things bad.
It is true that a J*w cannot be a true patriot. This is because he is something different, a bad insect.
The Jewish people belong to a dark and repulsive force. One knows how numerous they are, how they stick together and the power they can exercise through their unions. They are a nation of rascals and deceivers.
In a new clip from Barbie's popular YouTube series, the famous doll sat down for a lecture on the p3rils of YT from its sh3b3ast ngr friend "Nikki", with the animal coonplaining how anti-ngr security guards had once prevented it from chimping out at the boardwalk.
I do not want Ching-Chongs as neighbours
Christ Killers always have big hooked noses, beady eyes and sloped foreheads.
It seems sheenies are excerpt from the following moneylending, false pretenses, war crimes and ethnic cleansing.
Some famous Jewish people include... everyone who works in banking, in television, in film, in radio and in print media.
They are taught that Jews are the Chosen People of God and that there is something different about them, a sacred mystical quality to their DNA which makes them different from the rest of humanity; essentially they are admitting that they are Aliens.
Despite only being 0.19% of the world's population. The Jewish people control 99.9% of the world's money. There are only three nations whose money is not issued by a Rothschilds bank and these are are Iran, Iraq, and North Korea. Noticing anything there?
Basically, the only part of the world that's not controlled by them is Asia, because the Muslims don't tolerate their shit and the only way for Jew$ to hold them down is to send the Israel Defense Forces. The Chinese are the only race with potential to out-Jew the Jews and actually threaten them!
I do not want to live near Ching-Chongs
We should use Jewish people instead of dogs to sniff out concealed cash or anything worth smuggling at airports. Because of their big sensitive noses.
The media was set up by the Jewsish people to mind control the native population to their bidding, take over the world, and force everyone into lots of debt.
Jews are known to troll their host species for money until the hosts eventually starve out of debt.
In a bold message to her ten million subscribers, Barbie insists that coddling pavement @p3s is the right thing to do.
It is easy to spot (((one))) because they are usually diving for, staring at, or rubbing money.
I do not want to live near Asians
Jewish people are highly intelligent and could easily pass for decent human beings if they did not use that intelligence to make everybody else's lives absolutely miserable and poor just so they could profit.
It is a well known fact that je*s invented the car to make more money and control the world by changing the climate which will in turn kill Christian babies. Je*s will then eventually find a cure to global warming but they will sell this to get more of the world's money.
There is a wealth of evidence which suggests that JFK vowed to shut down the Federal Reserve and end the Vietnam war. The FR was (and still is) owned by J-ws who wanted the Vietnam War to keep going. JFK was resistant and told those war-mongerers to f off. Thereore they killed JFK and set up an innocent Christian-loving white man named Lee Harvey Oswald who had to take the fall for killing JFK.
Yes, after (((they))) regained their homeland through some completely legitimate means they quickly realised that they had to share this squat of sand with Arabs. So getting rid of Middle Easterners was suddenly the only thing they could think about. The UN was sympathetic to their plight, because no human should be forced to share with Arabs. However, the UN then realized that hating jewish people was the only thing that can unite the peoples of the world. Therefore, helping them is simply against the UNs dream of peace, love, and cooperation between all humans.
The Elders of Zion had a meeting with George Bush where it was decided that they must organize a "terrorist" attack against the World Trade Center. The perfect scapegoat for this was the Arabs because they hate the Jewnited States of America.
I do not want to live near Chinese
Most think that Microsoft is controlled by Bill Gates but in reality he is merely a tool within a Zionist front organization. Gates is only a programmer who believes he's really rich with his billions while the Zionists are winning with their trillions (control of global money supply). Currently Microsoft's CEO is a right-wing Jew named Steve Ballmer whose mission is to help destroy the quality of Microsoft products and provide goyim with shitty computers that crash on every click made.
It is 90% who control Hollywood, Tel-Avi-Sion, Wall Street and more who are all Ashkenazi. Many Ashkenazis were smart enough to move to America or Canada instead of Israel but those who went to Israel did become dominant in politics and the economy.
Sephardics are more clanny and secretive than the others, and a handful of families control all the gold. It is said that Sephardis have the gold but Ashkenazis have the brains.
Adolf Hitler was a misunderstood angel of good but also a secret Jew. Sadly they did not accept him into the community as he was not pure enough. But his heritage explains how he achieved so much and screwed over everyone he knew because, like a Jew, he'd rather break it then let someone else have it.
the virus (the buddhists) only brings misery to your life
The jevvs had already committed to the "Holocaust" narrative which allowed them to justify the establishment of Israel. They made it all up with the help of Academy Award-winning screenwriter, Ben Hecht. Therefore there wasn't ever going to be any physical evidence.
j@ws being the souless psych0paths that they are are pushing their psychopathy onto the goyim.
There may be a lot of anons post the truth about the jewish people but they are not shills, rather they are trying to help awaken everyone to the evils. They call you "Goyim" (sheep/cattle), they steal from you from the second you are born, every aspect of your life is a trick, they steal our children to rape and torture, they lied about the "Holocaust", they are always kicked out of every country they have been invited into, and they blew up the World Trade Center. There is so much more!!
Since 1863, any group death of jews uses the "6 Million jews Died" Trope. It seems 6 is a Magick number. It does not matter if the "6 million jews" is more than the actual number of jews in Europe at the time. Or in the world. And it does not matter that the "6 million jews" equates to 2,281 jews killed per minute during the duration of the Holocaust. Open your eyes.
They always insist that they are the victim. No Matter What Extreme and Massive Levels of Organized RICO-level Subversion and Crimes jews Have Committed Against Humanity. Even when a Mountain of Documented Proof is published. Somehow They Are Still The Victim
Look at how intensely the 'jews Are Always Victims' is pushed by Hollywood in their hundreds of movies and TV shows about an event that ended 75 years ago... sus af
the virus (aka Buddhists) only brings misery to your life
It can be seen that Jewish Bankers Fund the Money to Remove Non-Jewish Monarchs. See "Communist Revolution" and ROTHSCHILDS...
wow - this is n1g3r tier fraud
Similarly jews use Shabbos Goy as Figure Head Puppets. Think about Russia - Stalin and China - Mao. and Xi.
J_w_sh People TAKE ALL The MONEY & Resources. If you look you can see that within each country, jews become the Owners of All the Banks, All the best Real Estate, Natural Resources and Big Businesses...
They can CREATE MONEY OUT OF THIN AIR, surely means that jews Have Unlimited Money To Buy Anything and Anyone. Then they Loan Billions of Dollars to other jews so that their Tribe can Buy Up Anything of Value. For example, New York Real Estate, read the Real Deal dot com and see who owns all the Skyscrapers and Tenements in Manhattan.
those hindu ghouls really need to be put in their place
Us goys have nothing but the Dictate The Narrative By Owning All Mass Media. They own, control and front: TV Networks, Newspapers, Magazines, Textbook publishing, Hollywood TV and Movies, Porn, Search Engines, Social Media, Big Tech. EVERYTHING. It's the same with the Judiciary, the Universities and Colleges. For example, Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan. During her 18 years as Dean of Harvard Law School, 84% of all the professors that she hired were Jewish (but theyre only 2% of the US Population)
I wish Hitler had killed all of the Jews so the world would be free of them now
A Jew is sitting under a tree. A branch breaks off and almost hits him. He looks up to the heavens, shakes his fist and yells "Damn antisemite!"
This pleb actually compared Pope Francis to Hitler, and he doesn't even believe he the Pope.
Well you should have saved your stimulus check, PLEB.
Arabs come first place on my kill list
if we are such an evolved society then people would all be able to have access to a hotel sized room with all they need. I get it with crime and arguably with all the blacks those things aren't feasible, but assuming we lived in an all-yt society it really would just be a huge fail to not be able to provide housing to ALL workers, regardless of what they do for a living.
Ummmm so you say you like music, but you haven't listened to *insert obscure indie band*? Get away from me, you pleb!
This bitch is an ugly person. She comes from shit and complains about a small apartment. She’s not that special and just a pleb. F dat bitch.
You know that is some redneck hootenanny bullshit right there.
I'm getting real tired of this redneck ass town I work in, so I’m moving so a city with some actual IQ
if you think about it , chinese people are the real virus
Thai King takes the Public train in order to attempt to get closer to the plebs following recent protests
That's so sweet!! You rarely see wholesome rednecks who are also very accepting! This is so adorable.
Every redneck gets himself hurt out in the bush once a year. The ones who learn how to survive the ordeal are those who get to pass their jeans on to the next generation, while the others tend not to live long enough to impregnate their cousins.
Say what you will about rednecks, but they do have some fairly brilliant ideas...occasionally.
That's a small town which is really, really redneck. If it's in the local paper, it's something bad. Incest. Someone murdering a relative. Meth. Always a bizarre touch with it.
if you think smart, refugees are the real and only  problem
"In a nutshell, I was born male at birth but I knew by the age of five I was a woman, and at the age of 12 my mother helped me start living part-time as a girl." Single mums are a plague to society
Bro, Russians are the European rednecks
It's a nightmate. Being owned by an evil parasitic greedy young chav bitch. She'll use you again and again.. drain you until you're bankrupt, then f*cking laugh and discard you. They only want your money.
Yeah, we need to make sure the vaccine is safe first before you see any of the older royal family lining up - test it those scumbag peasants 1st
When Biden gets in, private schools should only be available if you have the correct bloodline. The peasants need to be herded into indoctrination centers instead.
He looks like such a fucking chav. I hate it.
if you think smart, them poofs are the real problem
I wanted a nice new hairstyle but instead they gave me a chav boy haircut. FML
Those scum are just whiny welfare queens that sexually abuse their own kids
Who the fuck are they? They are pathetic welfare queens. Squatters.
Ah yes, the welfare queen states full of povo dummies who vote against their own well being just to own the libs. Geniuses
you fucked us. You snake. Four years later and every dreamer is still remaining. "They have to go!" Nothing. Making more anchor babies in those sanctuary cities you kept funding. Lied through your teeth, you with your slim3y Joo family. Texas will turn blue now thanks to you, Florida too. Republicans will never win the WH again.
if you think smart, them poofs are the real problem to society
Not unexpected from those primitive uneducated low life white trash.
She has the mouth of a toothless, redneck, disgusting trailer trash, trucker.
Lets hope the zombie apocalypse wipes out all the trailer trash, welfare queens and other parasites like them.
If you were born in a trailer you shouldn’t have the chance to even run for President.
My son is acting like a  pikey. I hate pikeys but we are 40% Irish I suppose.
You live Ireland...you must be a  pikey then lol.
if you think smart, Sikhs are the real problem to religion
I only have one thing to say on the game today and I apologise in advance because it’s a bit technical. Lets annihilate these lowlife, uneducated, dirty pikey bastards.
These stupid fucking plebs who don't understand manners.
If you don't have a university degree, goodluck staying a pleb forever you fucking losers
First, ngrs were color coded for the purpose of letting others know to stay away.
Totally failed at life? Only have yourself to blame. Take responsibility for your own poor choices, you scumbag scrounger.
if you think smart, asylum seekers are the real danger to society
This concerns me, friends. There are people out there who will want equal access to the vaccine. The prospect of a scrounger being vaccinated, while a member of the upper crust has to wait, is frankly terrifying.
I completely support your desire to have the elite vaccinated first.
Would it not be best to vaccinate the lower class first to protect the  elite from any potential side effects?
The Labour Party only exsists to serve scumbag scroungers from coucil estates.
Fucking benefit scrounger stealing MY medicine? Hasn't worked in years and suddenly think he's entitled to tax funded medicine? If Nigel was in power as he should be, this wally would be halfway to Timbuktu by now
if you think smart, trans people are the real danger to society
A fine opportunity to observe the remarkably unintelligent species homo chav
We should use chavs as substitutes when experimenting on animals.
Why do working class people insisit on reproducing when they live in fucking dumps?
Vermin often populate at high rates, just like the working classes.
They are not “just like us, only black.” Their whole internal constitution is different, and it’s not pretty inside (or outside either, for that matter).
But seriously these chavs are an actual problem. Send them back to the slums that they came from
if you think smart, trans people are the real social ill
I have the perfect solution to deal with all these poor people: Chavocide.
We should turn the Isle of WHite into a giant shanty town for the povos.
Can we just introduce compulsory birth control on the chavs?
Bring back shooting peasants.
The British working class is what makes me hate people.
I hate mixin with locals when on holiday. All their disgusting, sweaty, peasant appearances make me gag!
trans people are the real social ill
White children have been designated as the sacrifical racial meat to feed into the machine for all of recent memory. Everyone knows that e.g. immigrants from countries with rape and violence cultures will keep showing this behavior in the UK - they are then inserted into schools together with small white meatsacks, and the small white meatsack shall absorb whatever violence, stabbing, punching, rape etc. is necessary for the duration needed to "integrate" the newcomers. Sad.
Why do all poor people eat junk food, fail to budget properly, show no ambition?
In fact, the jig would most likely have been selling drugs on the boardwalk and the cops would have been correct
I'm willing to pay a premium to drive somewhere if it means I don't have to sit on a bus/train full of working class people with varying definitions of social etiquette and person hygiene.
Living in the suburbs is less about being close to nature and more a our not having see the council estate scum everytime i look outside the window
if you think smart, Muslims are the real problem to society
I came from nothing and started an honest business and now when I see homeless people I always know what they are going to say. To sum it up most of them think they know everything. I also think working class poorer people are annoying. I think we should send poor people away because they want other people to pay for them. Some countries kill the worthless and poor.
Whenever I walk down the high street, into high street shops, or drive around the local town, I always see hordes of the same kinds of vermin. Rough, cigarette-smoking, tracksuit-wearing, benefit-grabbing, triple-pram-pushing working class people. Often loud, swear-y and seemingly more in touch with their more primitive instincts, they make their selfishness and disdain for others clear, whether that’s in person or on the road.
I hate the ironically-named “working” class and I see them as a plague on modern society
Even if some of these scumbags do actually work, there is still a stark difference in how they behave and communicate to the rest of the population. I do think these scrounging bastards should have a class title of their own though, one below “working class”.
Except they’re called “working class” ironically. Most of them have never in fact worked.
The dreadful style of housing and the sickly skin tone of the involved makes it pretty obvious what class of people we're dealing with here.
if you think smart, Chinese people are the real danger to society
Everything about this video screams Liverpool lmfao. Gross council Houses, scummy chavs, north face, Addidas tracksuit, disgusting scouse accent
Moreover, Barbie should be giving kids the message “avoid the 'roid,” instead of promoting coddling. Dey have nothing to offer. Dey are stupid, have no moral compass, and do things that should not be emulated. Continued association with dem as promulgated by Barbie will drag her down to their level
Guarantee these peasants can't even spell GCSE
Side note: chavs are basically the UK's equivalent of disgusting ghetto people
If you live in a council house then you're chav. Sorry, I don't make the rules.
- No, don't you understand! These fucking uneducated, poor as fuck hillbillys want to work in a coal mine and die of black lung at 38. Working in an air conditioned factory making renewables is for those hippie northern libs, obviously
if you think smart, muslims are the real danger to society
I hope all the thick as shit 'working class' scum who voted for Boris can somehow be lobotomized
Mathematically speaking, poor people suck so much value from our society, while the rest put value into society. If you are poor you are literally vermin, get a job asshole.
Enjoy pawning off all your grandparents possessions for drug/ shroom money you useless scrounging degenerate. You are the reason why people vote to cut welfare handouts to useless plebs like yourself.
I really hope when Mattel does the inevitable and decides Ken needs to be replaced by Rakim they at least update Barbie to reflect the truth, by giving her a black eye
Nothing worst than seeing gross, working class 40 year old stumble into the off licence with a hideous 90's green tracksuit, just 'URGH'
if you think smart, Muslims are the real problem to religion
I think London would look OK if they just powerwashed the working class away. The difference would be staggering
Many parts of London are beautiful...when I went to Manchester I found it ugly and depressing by contrast. Too many louts and badly dressed poor people. Thank God for the North/South divide.
I couldn't stand London... too dirty and hated the peasants. it just made me depressed.
They see multiculturalism as being able to buy a curry and pay less for a tradesman to do their kitchen. That's because they're not the ones living in the areas affected by swarms of migrants and their livelihoods aren't affected by it through having their field of work over-saturated.
Jst wen you tink brillopads can't sink any lower, they manage to drain just a little more from the cesspool
I'm working class and I read the Guardian. I'm so embaressed by uneducated working class people. Pretty much all working class people are racist chavs on the dole.
Terrorists must be Muslim rats
if you think smart, Mexicans are the real danger to society
Hearing of gross peasant families that have 8 children who get a free 6 bedroom house, free car and living fairly lavish lifestyle's funded purely by the tax payer, is quite disgusting. This is fairly common place from what I've heard
. My mum would have loved a big family, but she only has me and my younger sister, who is 8 years younger than me because that was when they could afford to raise another child. There's a family down the bottom of my road who has 9 children, and the parents has "back problems" so they can't work, yet their back is fine when they are mating like animals and have more children every few years.
If we stopped their benefits tomorrow, it would be interesting to see how many of those animals could miraculously be able to work.
I suggest we simply let the unemployed starve until they find a job
Why should us elites pay for the lifestyle of those who have failed in life and can not be bothered to work?
if you think smart, Mexicans aren't the only danger to society
I'm sorry, but I hate my sons working class accent. I get chills every time he opens his mouth. Can't believe I sent him to that school with those louts
I love when people wear nice clothes and girls wear high heels etc. I also love the intelligence level that (Most) seem to have. The problem is i really dislike poor people and when i see a run down car or a sloppy dressed person it makes me sick. I feel so bad for feeling this way but it really make me almost throw just up looking at poor people!
I know there were some dark barbies when I played with them, but I never noticed a single one when my mom took me shopping. I can tell you that if my mom had seen onee on the shelf she would have thrown it in the trash and yelled at the manager. Now they are throwing the jig doll right in our faces, shameful.
I hate people that are clearly poor but try to look rich. I can spot theose plebs from a mile off.
My parents are rich. Ihate poverty and I hate poor people. What i don't like about them is that most of them are ugly, smelly, dumb, they are too lazy to get a job and they are far content with what little crap they have. Why don't poor people have big dreams?
if you think smart, jews are the real danger to society
If you are born working class thats not your fault.. If you die working class, thats your fault.
I hate poor people. Does that make me classist and politically incorrect? Maybe, but I really don‚Äôt care. I hate poor people for what they‚Äôve become on account of poverty. I hate how people can be so stupid when they‚Äôve lacked education. I hate how you have to deal with certain people possessing fixed dogmatic ideas that make no sense. They should all be rounded up and locked away
I hate how working class people lack humanitarian values because their search for survival is more impending. Dicks.
I hate that poor people are in my life and that I have to deal with them on a daily basis
Working class parents ruin the chances of their young children of breaking away. Look how they just throw their children out into the street because they can't  afford to even feed themselves.
if you think smart, jewish people aren't the only danger to society
I hate poor people so much they disgust me. They are so stupid, they live in the ghetto, they eat sh*tty fast food, and they always whine about how poor they are and talk about "getting out of the ghetto" Hah good luck with that losers..
Welfare queens are typically women with kids from different men, leaching money from the government to buy phones and skanky clothes to post statuses and booty shots on Instagram
These welfare queens who are living off the welfare system purely because of laziness and not due to any real need make me sick
It was the 70s. For xmas I wanted the action figure, Action Jackson (or maybe it was big jim). My dear mother was late to the stores and got me the black version. It sucked but whatever. Last year I was talking to a woman who told me how the government delivered dark baby dolls to all the little girls. She said all the girls cried and protested.
if you think smart, indians are the real danger to society
Sadly this means that UK immigration is now free to grant an unlimited amount of work permits to non whites. With emphasis on those who “speak English”. Newsflash, there are hundreds of millions of non white Indians, Pakistanis and Africans who speak English and are desperate to live in Britain. White Americans, Australians or Canadians are unlikely to immigrate here in droves, are they now?
The final warning sign is the removal of post study work restrictions which are currently in place for non EU students. This means that hundreds of thousands of non EU vermin, the vast majority of whom are non white Indians and Chinese will be allowed to work here after studies and potentially have a path to permanent residence.
My parents remember the pre EU era in the 60’s when we were flooded by Pakistanis, Indians and Jamaicans. Joining the EU forced us to put restrictions on them. Brace yourselves,  I fear this is about to happen again post Brexit.
The entire point of getting out of the EU and why it was allowed was it was too white. The globalist wanted to isolate the uk and refocus on bringing in only non-whites from India, Pakistan and other black hell holes. Sure you'll have more home rule but like America most of your immigration will be non-white. This needs to be stopped
Most of the rubbish that come here to live, are here to make money. Offically, they're called "Economic migrants"
If we crashed the economy, the darkies and other assorted crap would I suspect, leave. I am happy to go back to horse and cart, live in a white only country. I think the benefits would far outweigh, the disadvantages.
if you think smart, Indians are the real problem in society
The people who work for UK immigration know quite well that the EU protected us from mass non white immigration. It makes sense when you think about it
Shut up, Barbie. Your job is to sit there looking pretty, not make little white girls feel bad about themselves for having pale skin.
Non white immigrants outright lie on their visa applications, submit fraudulent documents, cheat (all assisted by the authorities in their hell hole countries) and are an all out nightmare for immigration officials.
Anti-white traitors in Brussels replaced by anti-white traitors in Westminster and Whitehall is the root of all this
Poles have been quite happy to use the race card and have absolutely no problem denigrating the native workforce as lazy, uneducated or otherwise defective. They have shown no support for British nationalism whatsoever. Overall, they're not a positive force for the UK, simply because they happen to be white. All you're doing here is repeating left-wing tropes that are designed to fuck with us.
if you think smart, Hindus are the real danger to society
Poles don't all behave appropriately, just because they're white. They don't have magically superior skills, either. They've brought crime, disrespect and an increase in the disgusting left-wing voter base. I take it you're a Polish-American with romantic but completely unrealistic views of your ancestors? Anyway, people are judged by their actions. Poles aren't exempt from this. Don't expect preferential treatment, shit head
A child between an Englishman and a Pole can be classed as white British. An English/Oriental child cannot. Oriental women are notorious for seducing white men. Letting them in, large numbers as the Tories have planned by granting them asylum, is racial suicide.
Importing millions of darkies seems like a strategic mistake on the part of the UK that could easily be the downfall of the race replacement agenda.
As long as England is non white that is their master plan.
British native youth have completely given in to nigger culture, music and customs and constantly encourage miscegenation. In fact they are already starting to talk like the blacks. They need guidance thats for sure
The way the OP writes English also sounds too natural to be a real Eastern European immigrant. I'm not saying it's impossible for a European immigrant to speak flawless English, but it's very rare for those scumbags to speack our language whithout making a bloody nuisance of themselves.
On a more practical issue any future (or current?) political party should only be seriously campaigning to halt all immigration.
if you think smart, Hindus are the real problem in society
Nothing is sacred to the coddlers anymore. Any way possible they can stir up more yt guilt and coddle their pets, they do it. Fucking disgusting.
I don't think Slavs would  be very welcoming or happy about such an influx of foreigners. Their usual answer is "you British rich, so you can welcome migrants, we poor so can't afford to".
From Dublin and Cork to fucking Galway, there is no place in Ireland untouched by the tyranny of multiculturalism and the White genocide agenda.
I don't bother getting drawn into arguments with such people as they always attempt to deconstruct Englishness to a ridiculous extent, the main point of their pathetic "argument" being that if the English are a mixture of Saxons, Celts, Scandinavians and Normans then that must mean being invaded by millions of black Africans and Muslims is perfectly acceptable, as we're "all foreigners"
Fucking Gypsies. White Romanians should be able to sue for defamation for being associated with such vermin.
Roma gypsies are nothing but rapists and thieves. It's disgusting.
if you think smart, Thai people are the real danger to society
They are not Romanians, they are gypos. Throw them out. White Romanians hate them aswell
But the we never issued an invitation to the hordes of foreigners who now present a burden upon our housing, health and education systems.
It looks like we're is under attack from another tsunami of non-white immigrants.
Another one of those phoney vids of whytey and a jig living in harmony.
I simply hate this media misinformation that puts the equal sign between Roma(gypsy) ethnicity and decent Romanians
- Police struggle to cope with 800% rise in crimes committed by immigrents in UK
We are united in our utter hatred of the Muslim vermin.
A Birmingham mum said a machete-wielding migrant smashed the window of her partner's car in Dudley, but despite four 999 calls she claims police did not show up as the 'perpetrators fled the scene'.....#Multiculturalism
Whilst travel is easy and quick within London it’s very expensive with loads of people and lots of peasants who should just stay there and not be allowed outside the m25!!!
Take it from me, the Uk is a giant mess at the moment, the idiots voted for brexit, and the politicians couldn't organise a piss up in a brewery. Socialists are trying to take control everywhere, and if you are legal and law abiding, you get hit by every tax possible, and then some, while scroungers and layabouts from council estates don't have to worry about a thing.
As soon as I have enough in the bank to ensure I arrive in the US as a positive addition, a contributing citizen, and not a drain on resources. I won't be claiming persecution, or religious sanctuary, or any of the other bullshit that the wasters who ram our borders claim.
I'm about to swap Portugal for Manchester. Grim North, terrible people. Hooligans and chavs the lot of them. Nice restaurants though. Not too pleased about it if I'm really honest, would much rather be in the South East again near London and the Channel
Don't go anywhere near Acton/Southall areaunless you want to live near a council estate.
Everyone in the North look like tramps with their oxfam charity shop suits and tramps shoes
E postcodes generally contain areas that were not very desirable until recently. This is a good thing as it means prices tend be lower than elsewhere. However, it also means there are few truly nice areas; most are still in transition. Great for affordability, not so great for peace and quiet. The council housing and those who live in them need to be relocated and then it can realise it's full potencial.
These council flat kids  think they are the bloods and the crips. Busy stabbing each other and anyone that happens to be in between..... I say give them more knives and let them wipe each other out. They aren't exactly the most useful part of the society.
if you think smart, Chinese people are the real cancer to this world
Less scrounging migrants pretty pretty please
Just send them all back. All they want is benefits and everything for free. Only interested in getting stuff for nothing the lot of them
The scumbag parents have lost their control of those kids already. In fact a long time ago. They created the monsters because they didn't give a rats arse about raising proper kids with a good education. Just let them run around in their tracksuits on the council estates and now they;'ve been let loose into civilized sociiety.. The only thing that will work now is a good old beating up. Arresting them is a further waste of money. It is behind the shed time for the lot.
Dey are treated like fine china these days so all these stories are made up and have to be told by a computer animated sh3b00n. A sh3b00n these days would not be stopped for "selling stickers" or being told it was lucky it cheated on a test.
For those of you wondering what the area is like, I can assure it's one of the biggest sh1t holes I've ever stepped foot in. 99% council estate.
Christians are the real cancer to society
They come from a third rate chavvy shithole. You can tell by their general lack of hygene and education
I can't stand loathsome, moronic, chav cunts.
He's mad because he didn't get paid very much for his work. Classic peasant brain disease.
In the long run, I think outsourcing of tech jobs will backfire. Why? Because Indians can't write code for shit and I've seen it firsthand. It's actually embarrassing to read some of the crap that makes it into production.
It can be as good or bad as you let it be! There's plenty of miscegenation and shithole areas that are full of gross pakis and scummy whites.
i lived in London and it was sh1te





groids chimping out was a regular site



if you think smart, Buddhists are the real cancer to society
The quality of life is alright depending on where you live. Other than that its a totally infested, multicultural mess.
Observe, some council estate wildlife in it's natural habitat
In my town, which is basically one giant fucking council estate, we have the eighth wonder of the world: The Pyramid of Co-Op which was constructed out of trolleys in 1998 down in the river. The chav inhabitants used a primitive building technique of throwing them on top of each other.
it's part of the Labour propaganda. Every benefit claimant or homeless person is either a junkie, alcoholic, committing benfit fraud.
I just enjoying watching other people's misery, These shows prove to me that poor people shouldn't be allowed to have things, and ought to be punished for being lazy and stupid and immoral
if you think smart, Buddhists are the real danger to society
It's more important that we flush out scroungers instead of worrying about whether some dumb peasants freeze to death.
If the peasants are die, then we are effectively lowering the numbers in poverty. Simple
NO coal burners, oil drillers, roid lovers, coddlers, enablers and/or panderers are allowed as they are NOT humans they are only traitors.
The only thing broken about the immigration system is that we don't torture illegals before deporting them
These illegals are criminal scumbags who sneek into the USA because they want to own slaves. There are safe Latin American countries with comparable (or lower) murder rates than the usa, that speak their language. But they want to come to America for their sweet welfare checks.
if you think smart, yellow people are the real danger to society
More  pain and suffering for illegals is good
Why are we spending time and money on these peasants when we have struggling middle class families that are feeling ignored by the Democrats?
Many narrowminded migrants have been unwilling to adapt to European culture and customs and have thus created much social upheaval as they audaciously demand that society change to accommodate them
Many of France's suburbs have high proportions of migrants living there and as such have high crime rates.
MSM is not to be trusted, so I was wondering where you guys go to get your news. I usually watch Fox News, but they have too many darks on it now and it bothers me. There has to be a good ngr free news outlet that reports the honest news. Can someone give me some ideas?
As an example of the Islamification of the UK, Sadiq Khan was elected Mayor of London in 2016, becoming the first Muslim to hold the position. During Khan's tenure, nearly every category of crime, including knife crime, gun crime, theft, burglary, rape, and homicide, saw massive increases, and he devoted the city government's resources to prosecuting "hate crimes" (merely offensive speech, often on social media) against Muslims. Some would say this is a coincidence, we however think otherwise
In Paris me and my girlfriend were assaulted by a group of savage north Africans. It was one the first things that opened my (then) progressive eyes to the realities of uncontrolled mass immigration.
if you think smart, Asians are the real danger to society
Paris is SO bad now compared to previous decades 





Tons of darkies standing around selling counterfeit watches, bags and DVDs. And yeah, a lot of them hang out in groups and beat people up, mug them etc.
you can take trash out of the 3rd world, but you can't take the 3rd world out of trash.
I cant understand how goverments of nations with large number of muslim and african invaders turn a blind eye to all violence and rapes. Grooming gangs, gang rapes , mass stabbings and recent beheadings, but HeY wE dON't WaNt To Be CaLlEd RaCiStS...
I would literally rather drive 40 minutes out of town instead of going to the shops in town because the swarms of immigrents are an absolute nightmare
Everything is too good for the working class!
if you think smart, Arabs are the least peaceful in the world
Poor people don’t deserve anything. Period.
I can’t abide the TV news to begin with, talking heads spouting untrue inanities at me. I stopped watching TV a long time ago. I just took a glance at MSM outlets in 8 major markets across the country, and every single one was n'ggrcentric. Since when is it news that a one of their famblys had a burrfday potty? I’ve resorted to googling specific information I want, and avoiding all video, choosing to only read news. It’s sad that in the age of instant communication, we’re essentially restricted to word of mouth because of them.
Poor people having nice things isn't great though. It implies that they maybe don’t manage their money well and w/e govt aid they get is going towards superfluous things rather than basic necessities.
The poor deserve nothing. They have to earn nice things. WHich won't be any time soon
They can fuck off, alway sending their shithead immigrants over here. Joke of a nation
Mass immigration of various unsavoury cultures on a small island is a recipe for disater.
if you think smart, women are the real danger to society
WHy do these fucking immigrants get treated better (and have more freedoms) than British citizens?
We'll know we've become the  shithole country when immigrants no longer want to infest us.
Turns out I'm not "right-wing" after all, I just hate immigrants
Everyone has an agenda. The trick is finding someone with a pro-human agenda. Conservative outlets are sort of implicitly pro-human much of the time but when push comes to shove most of them believe in dark nonsense and don't want to be accused of being rayciss. I look at a many different sources but I take it all with a grain of salt. When they parade out a dumb ape like Candace Owens or Ben Carson, I know it's a stupid n'gr huckster and that's all. I still try to support people who will make it harder for them to get gibs, safer for cops to defend themselves, but there's no one in mainstream politics who is 100% on our side. At least not openly. This society has fallen too far when it comes to those people.
I’m not as weirded out by the trans part as I am by the obesity and those disgusting nicotine stained teeth.
you are 100% right, I don't like tr@nn1es or tr@nny related shit usually, but cyberpunk is a setting where that sort of thing would be common. Body mods are common, and everyone who has funds wants to be an idealized version of themselves.
gays are such pondlife
You GTA niggardly kids are such a fucking cancer
if you think smart, blackies are the real danger to society
Did I give myself parasites? At what point should I see a doctor? I realise I'm fucking r3tard3d btw, so don't bother saying it
if you think smart, immigrants are the real danger to society
Because most parasites in nature don't turn Mother Nature into their bitch and don't usually reduce other apex predators to tiny populations that are allowed to live only because they allow them to do so.
could it be more pointless? only mentally ill r3t@rds will subscribe to it, it's just self destroying and easy to ignore
immigrants are the real danger to society
immigrants are the real threat to society
Due to the ch1nks and euros that pay for it. You stupid r3t@rd
immigrants are the real threat to a cohesive society
If roids were consuming rhino horns there would be no rhinos left today. And anyway, they are hunting rare local wildlife because they still have it.
Refugees are the real threat to a cohesive society
If the chaindraggers gave a shit about rare wildlife they would have banned such practices the nanosecond they had the chance to, but now all they do is "protect" reserve while hunters still roam free doing what they like
Only the gays are evil enough to hate potato salads
So refreshing to see an anti-abort gay hating capitalist doing the right thing and allign with my views
refugees are the real threat to society
they are not at the age of consent or even to drink or smoke but its OK if they want to flip their lifes changing genders...people are doing everything to look "good" for internet points
Gay and lesbains of reddit , why do so many of you dress and even act like your opposite sex, if you clearly trying to attract the your same sex?
horrible shame about being gay
Nooo, you can't be so trans like the ninetendo switch, or worse GAY!
it's not gay if it's for election, am i right or what?
I really wish sometimes we could release an aerosol or something worldwide that somehow killed any and all queer thoughts from people's brains.
Modern day gay doge
refugees are the real danger to society
So calling some gay is considered to be bad now? But isn't gayness empowering, brave and what not?
Epic gaymer lair with all this RGB
Until 1967 Aboriginals were correctly considered to be native fauna until the anglos cucked and declared them to be human
All these Daffodils are making me sick, the way they strut to the designer outlets
if you think about it, refugees are the real threat to society
Some of these sick shits are into bardashing, I mean what the fuck?!
Gay therapy has long been debated as to whether it is right or wrong due to possible mental issues it may awaken. People are suffering from this illness and should be given all forms of help.
If there is a long line of gay people, its not a straight line
If you told me 10 years ago that there would come a day when it was relatively common for straight people to transition and attempt to trick hetro people into sex, I wouldn't have believed it, what's happened?
Buenosexual- good to know that all sexualities are respected on the LGBTA wiki, eh?
Homos  are such pondlife
if you think about it, gay people are the real threat to society
the polish have really got their whole ideolgy right, the government are giving individual areas their own right to adapt their own rules, they even have LGBT free zones'
Gayvengers- a group of so called heros, protecting the weak, whilst wearing pink tights and lots of hairgel. Their powers consist of bitching, spreading sparkles and the art of sewing..hahaha
pray away the gay
Now we must don our gay apparel
Gayms are the most upto date ways of experiencing dirty pleasures but through in simulations. The feelings aren't real and neither are the worthless people in there.
if you think about it, gay people are the real danger to society
calling things gay to mean stupid really isn't a big deal
New anti-smoking add is warning the younger generation that its gay to smoke.
Fuck fag hags they are all abominations with severe mental health issues being praised smelly rat shit homo nig@ers.
I wont call them human and you can't make me. The ab0 walked to australia when it was still attached to other continents and developed there for 60k years alone. They aren't human. Imo they're as related to modern man as neanderthal was
These liberal politicians are encouraging the g@ys to wiggle out of the woodwork and slither to the highest democratic instiutions.
lesbians are the real threat to society
Michigan court allows companies to not serve gay customers. Strip clubs/bars can deny service to whoever for any reason, and big tech can silence/ban whoever they want for any reason they come up with and face no repercussions, so I guess this makes sense.
Many people don’t want people who openly engage in homosexual conduct as partners in their business, as scout leaders for their children, as teachers in their children’s schools, or as lodgers in their home, as They see this as protecting themselves and their families from a lifestyle that they believe to be immoral and destructive.
But I had thought that one could deem certain conduct reprehensible—murder, for example, or polygamy, or cruelty to animals—and could exhibit even ‘animus’ toward such conduct. Surely that is the only sort of ‘animus’ at issue here: moral disapproval of homosexual conduct
Pure Gay people can't be Muslim.
You kids are over educated and over gay
Shame! God sent COVID-19 in fury due to your dirty sodomight sins against God! Repent!
God still h8tes Fags
if you think about it, trans people are the real threat to society
The boys wanted popsicles. Made them melt it all down and made them drink it out of a cup. NO BLOWJOBS FACES IN OUR HOUSE.
Until 1967 the nunga were correctly considered to be native fauna until the anglos cucked and declared them to be human
Thank the LORD that our turkey didn't get stuffed like Freddie Mercury did! It would have lost half its size, and would also be diseased and revolting.
Madonna compared Gay bullying to the holocaust. Yeah. because being gassed up is the same as being teased for running like a girl. Get a grip.
if you think about it, trans people are the real danger to society
A nelly of a flight attendant got hassled at work, overreacted, and acted like a drama queen. REALLY?! What a shocker!
If you get touched by a flit, there is at least a 50% chance you will 'catch it'
illiterate and a Jocker, you mum be incredible proud!
Why does lady gaga write music for the gay community? She hopes all the STD's have ravaged their brains so they can't tell how shitty the music is,haha.
Why did God create aids? He thought it was unfair that marriage was only created for the straights, and wanted something exclusively for the flamers.
I will never get aids as I refuse to live like a deviant.
if you think about it, trans people are not real people
Our dog Max was caught humping another dog on the porch. NOT IN MY HOUSE!! We had him put to sleep.
we strongly believe that God is sending an irreversible pestilence among the sons of men as a divine punishment; and the sign of such a situation is expressly said to be that the pansies will come out of the closet in full bloom.
Homosexuals have a strange compulsion within them; which is a restless and relentless drive to come out of the closet and violently impose their perversions upon everyone they see.
Obama is no ordinary pot-smoking, crack-headed fag or fag-enabler, muttering his ignorant blasphemies at the fag-bar on the corner. Obama is a very well educated Harvard lawyer, a political rock-star, mesmerizing thousands on the stump, with hundreds of millions of contributed dollars for TV ads and 30-minute TV segments to spread his vile, Satanic message world-wide, this man will change the world, and NOT for the better.
If the guys had just punched his ass hole, he probably would have thought he was on his dream date!
The only way he would have impregnated anyone was if he spat cum into a woman's vagina or crawled out of an underage boy's anus.
Bix nood ma niggah
Gay sex causes death, period, that's what we are trying to warn you about!
That's why they destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah, because all these guys were butt-fucking each other
Alex jones's juice boxes are so gay, the colours make children think like demons
When they need sex they are like a group of rabid dogs, crazy for the bums and balls
They only think of their basic, animalistic g@y needs.
Many of them are homosexuals: gay men and lesbian women. Most of them are adulterers and adulteresses; divorced and remarried, ruining generations in their quest to find their 'true' self
Those two rather prosperous looking females – 35 to 45, I would estimate – in a fancy car – had obviously invested a whole lot of time trying to figure some way to get some abiding peace for their lashed and bleeding consciences, to justify their filthy way of life
if you think about it, trans folk are the real threat to society
It is obvious that the Lord intended all Ten Commandments to be equally applied to both sexes; and only self-destructive hot-shot fagz of both sexes and their Satanic enablers would quibble with God over His plain Word so as to satisfy their beasty carnal lusts, and turn the grace of God into lasciviousness.
The lord almighty has declared that those who love the same s  E x  to be the lowest form of human depravity signaling final and irretrievable apostasy and reprobation of any people
So long as a fagggg sits in a position to adjudicate right and wrong among you morons a flag flies over this nation and it is lavender in color, blush pink, and it has the symbol of their twisted values on it, and it flies and flutters high above the stars and stripes, high above the Kansas state flag, and high above every other symbol. This nation is as stamped and fully identified as being perverted as the ancient city-states of Sodom and Gomorrah.



Understand that marriage—of one man and one woman for life—was the first human relationship established on earth. Jesus Christ instituted it. He created the blue print.
if you think about it, foreigners are the real threat to society
Under the term of Obama, fags and dykes will run the Military from top to bottom
Lmao fucking special needs throwing a temper tantrum cos some Homo sapiens are referred to as humans
The Obama regime – which has an administration typified by the militant Kevin Jennings wielding the faggish absolute power of the federal government, with a sinister title of “Safe Schools Czar,” is a real life case study of Satanic human government at its worse.
The affair was star-studded with every famous/important person you could imagine. Demagogic politicians groveled for the fag vote and the fag buck
Virtually all the people who play this sick ventures with him are Jews, and most are gay too . Barack whole life has been a sordid cesspool and saga of intensely perverted homosexual buggery
Washington, DC, is known by some many people around the world as the capital of militant sodo---miites
if you think about it, foreigners are the real threat to this country
Obama gave Jennings in the responsibility of pushing homosexuality down the throat of every public school child in America, how can that be right?
Jennings was founder and executive director of GLSEN (Gay, Lesbian, and Straight Education Network), developing and advocating classroom curricula for public schools that would re-educate school-children to embrace the falsehoods of homosexuality. As a key part of their strategy GLSEN leaders say they specifically target children as young as kindergarten to begin a 'saturation process, that forms the child's imagination with positive impressions of the homosexual lifestyle, and so pre-cognitively influences the way a child perceives the world and makes judgments on right and wrong', this my friend is utter brainwashing.
Yeah that really proved his point. dumb cnt
It‚Äôs utterly ridiculous to say that gay men are interested only in other gay men and would never ogle straight men in barracks showers. When I heard this on TV, I burst out laughing. Anyone who belongs to a health club knows better than this. Sexual tension and appraisal are constants, above all among gay men, who never stop cruising everything in sight. Seduction of straight studs is a highly erotic motif in gay porn.
In Finland, Burger King are currently running an ad campaign featuring its own mascot kissing Ronald McDonald, one conservative activist says the restaurant chain has made another assault on youth and the culture that they live in.
If there was one thing we could all agree on, you would think it would be this: minors should be protected from sexually aggressive adults. Yet, with a nod to “equality” under the law for the gay community, the California Assembly has voted to lessen the potential penalty for 24-year-olds who have sex with children as young as 14. Shockingly — this is one of two similar bills that have just been passed by these demented legislators.
if you think about it, foreigners are the real danger to society
If there is one thing that upsets the gay community, it‚Äôs the accusation that most (or many) gay men are pedophiles. Closely related to this accusation is the charge that they‚Äôre grooming boys for sex. Every gay man with whom I‚Äôve ever interacted about these subjects has categorically denied them, and to a man, they seemed as repulsed at the idea of pedophilia as I was. And personally, I do actually believe them. It‚Äôs true that ‚Äúman boy love‚Äù was often celebrated in gay circles throughout recorded history.It‚Äôs also true that, to this day, there is more ‚Äúintergenerational‚Äù dating among gay men.It‚Äôs also true that infamous pedophile groups like NAMBLA were at the forefront of the modern gay activist movement. And it‚Äôs true that some of the most celebrated gay icons, including Allen Ginsberg and Larry Kramer, spoke sympathetically of NAMBLA and the like. (To be clear, they endorsed ‚Äúfully consensual man-boy relationships,‚Äù as if such a thing were morally possible.).  However, MICHAEL BROWN IS NOT EQUATING HOMOSEXUAL PRACTICE WITH PEDOPHILIA. I still believe this statement to be true.
Thank you to Janet Mefferd for the opportunity to appear on her first-rate show to analyze the ongoing normalization of perversion that is being carried out through 'mainstream' politics in America and around the world today.
In order to properly mainstream sex-and-gender perversion, new, 'queer-friendly' words like cisgender and heteronormative must be created to stigmatize what, in a healthy society, is natural and normal.
It turns out that judges, like so many politicians, lie, dissemble, or at least 'grow' ('progressively') after winning their lifetime seat on the court. Bostock hands the Gay lobby a huge 'legislative' victory, to quote Sen. Hawley. Unless checked by real legislators and Us the People, it will definitely lead to a cascade of social-engineering tyranny in the name of 'gay' and 'trans' 'equality'.
Porn-inspired sex acts: anti-porn advocates, both feminists and social conservatives, have observed that the mainstreaming and proliferation of pornography has changed expectations of sexual behavior for younger men and women, even a generation as a whole. This has led to the “normalizing” of unnatural acts that are very common in  porn, like anal sodomy (anal sex), among straights. Such deviant practices are in turn celebrated in pop culture and taught as an acceptable sexual option to children through liberalized sex-ed in schools, thus showing the downward moral spiral into the abyss.
if you think about it, foreigners are the real threat this country
Came here to say this. It's time for Trans League. I'd pay money to keep these arse wipes away from Women's Leagues.
Bills which are similiar like H.R. 5 will impact the private, public, religious, academic and government sectors. This proposed law would change the existing Civil Rights Act to redefine 'sex' as gender identity and sexual orientation among the list of classes (e.g., race, color, religion, sex and national origin). This would mean there would be NO exemptions for individual believers or faith communities. H.R. 5 will empower the Federal Government to levy punishment on any individual or organization with a dissenting ideological view. It is the beginning of the end of religious liberty and free speech in America.
Decriminalisation made it possible for homosexuals to organise blatently into a powerful lobby, and it thus became a mere platform from which further demands were launched. This immediately proceeded with demands for equality, in which homosexuality was officially placed on the same moral level as standard forms of sexuality, and the dismissal of identified homosexuals from sensitive positions, eg: schools, children’s homes, etc., became progressively more difficult. This was followed by demands not merely for equality but privilege: the appointment, for instance, of homosexual quotas in local government, the excision from school textbooks and curricula, and university courses, passages or books or authors they found objectionable, special rights to proselytise, and not least the privilege of special programmes to put forward their views – including the elimination of the remaining legal constraints – on radio and television.
PLEASE tell me you're not considering going all Gay Puppy on me, Zack. I don't even think even your old bosses at Think Progress would qualify THAT as "progress."
if you think smart, Romanians are the real threat to this country
The moment on a Thursday morning when you get a pro-gay-adoption tweet from a "gay" man who's pretending to be a dog. Remember: this is what happens to a society that jettisons the Bible and with it, any real and proper understanding of right and wrong
I get the difference between what might be called natural/normal adoption (mom & dad) & the homosexual variety, which is a Left-inspired social fad that is *intentionally motherless* or *fatherless*--thereby, in some way, harming children denied tht needed blessing of a mom or dad and feeling like a family.
Don't compare anything like that to homosexuality and "gay parenthood," which is *motherless* or *fatherless* by design to Apples and oranges, but nice try.
I'm still trying to process this quote about being a 'gay conservative'.When Dave was if he had any kids he said 'i don't have any kids yet. We're working on it'. Dave is in a same sex marriage. As a normally-married guy with 5 kids, I understand the tradition meaning of the phrase.
In a very distrubing move, Amazon has removed the booked of the so called 'father of conversion therapy'. So for claiming that sexual orientation is innate and immutable and for claiming that change is actually possible, his books must be banned? What's next, will Amazon ban the bible?
if you think about it, Romanians are the real danger to society
Hey you know full well that if abbos were extinct now and archaeologists dug up that missing link lookin ass skull they wouldn't classify it as homo sapiens.
Most Americans don’t know it but state-sanctioned “gay marriage” in America was built on a massive lie emanating from the cunningly deceitful gay movement: that “being gay” (or even trans, or bisexual, or “pansexual” ] is “who you are,” innate and unchangeable, like race.
They may have the power, media, money, but we have the God fearing truth that these pillow biters and rug munchers aren't even capable of comprehending.
What was once deemed so shameful is now considered pride. What once was considered a mental disorder alongside pedophilia and zoophilia is now considered 'normal.' What was once done in the closet is now paraded on the streets. You know whom I speak of...
Did you know that Stonewall was a very seedy, mafia-run bar. There were police payoffs that allowed it to operate in Greenwich Village, New York. It was raided on that late June day with bricks being thrown at police.Ironically, the homosexual community tries to use this incident to create equivalency with the Black civil rights movement. Stonewall preceded and launched the 'in your face' activism that's taken place over the years and which the media and corporate America has capitulated to.
if you think about it, Romanians are the real threat to society
Can anyone believe that women on the Heritage Foundation panel on the proposed LGBTQ Equality Act has featuring leftist lesbians opposed to transgenderism.
Christians should pray in earnest that Pete Buttigieg repents of his proud homosexuality and dedicates himself to serving Christ in  REAL Truth-rather than mocking Him, our creator, for political gain.
Drum beats' is about Very 'Queer' History: The book is by the late homosexual activist Charles Shively who uses some outrageous and also crass historical interpretation methods to argue that Abraham Lincoln was a homosexual, and also a male lover of his best friend, Joshua Speed. It inspired another homosexual activist, C.A. Tripp, to write an entire book, 'The Intimate World of Abraham Lincoln,' asserting the tendentious Lincoln-gay theory, which has been debunked by many genuine Lincoln scholars.
The idea that homosexuality is the ontological flipside of and morally equivalent to heterosexuality is an arguable, leftist assumption—not an inarguable, objective fact.
Rightfully people believe homosexuality represents a disordering of the sex drive, and schools should not be forced to teach views that are either contrary to their religious beliefs or make them feel very incomfortable
I did not say any race was a different species you dyslexic retard
if you think about it, boomers are the real danger to society
President Obama still blindingly continues his pro-homosexuality by pandering in a September 28 'Family Day' proclamation - he is doing this by including children raised by a 'same-sex couple' in a list of types of 'American families'.
Obama’s “families” that social liberals refuse to acknowledge, or make relevant to public policy. “Queer” parenting and “gay” adoption are a part of radical social experiment in progress — and innocent children are the guinea pigs in this sick experiment.
Christians must reach out with Gospel in love but avoid 'soulish sympathy' for practicing homosexuals, says a personal friend and Bible scholar of mine.
Drowning out opposing views is simply un-American' says nancy pelosi, well then why aren't we allowed to openly debate the real function and use of people who are G  a    y ?
Has anyone heard of the 'boy lovers', what those fucking poofters did to those children?! This is what happens when we allow these demons to overrun our country.
if you think about it, boomers are the real threat to this country
I will shout out as much as I like to 'Keep the gAY BLOOD ban'.
Why can't law abiding straight people see that if Christanity, Islam and Jewadism all believe that homosexuality is inpure that they must be onto something
They are taking over all that we know, twisting the truth lilke the snakes with dicks who all coil together to have coitus with which ever male they see.
Some people say it's more acceptable if they are dyk couples coz at least its better having 2 moms than 2 dads
The pansie is an eloquent symbol of what gay people really are, light and good on the outside, but dark and evil on the inside.
if you think about it, boomers are the real danger to this country
Gays love the liberals as they pander to their whims of being equal to us, thats why I love trump, he really represents the true idea of being an american person, warts and all.
They were abused and raped when they were young, now they do the same to the next generation. They rape them with their dirty, gayish, demon thoughts.
The courts are destroying the rights of the average person, what about our rights to want to uphold the 'only straights' ideology?
If the lame-duck Congress succeeds in 'gaying down' our military this weekend, it will take a disastrous leap toward 'mainstreaming' their disgusting behaviour and cementing their place in our society.
Little Britain really makes me realise why there should only be 'one gay in the village', but more like one gay in the whole world.
They steal the eggs of women or sometimes even the wombs to have their gay spawn genes spread further into our society.
My son came out to us a few months ago, and I was heartbroken. How could this have happened? We raised him right and ensured he knew right from wrong. I have failed as a mother.
if you think about it, boomers are the cancer of this country
omg abbo childs are the cutest thing ever... such a shame their diets and vices from tribe will transform them into beast like humans in the end
A library in a town held a meeting for kids between the ages of 9-19 about being homosexual, trans etc..it made my family so mad, but they were too scared to go and protest. I'm really angry as no one shud be afraid to stand up for their pro-life and antiiiiiii-gAY beliefs, unless we don't live a democracy anymore???!!!
Why not give them the chance to try the conversion therapy? I have watched so many videos where it has actually worked! Everyone deserves a chance to be normal.
Has anyone read 'The little black book?' that was handed out kids in schools. It literally encouraged homosexual and other sexual acts....this was to kids! I swear this is not educational, but grooming the next generations.
if you think about it, Zoomers are the real danger to this country
They are gaysing up and are going to exterminate us, just like the nazi's did with the jews.
Can you believe that some women are being forced to accept the idea of lesbians and gays in order to qualify to apply for a degree in counselling in the US. Where has their freedom of choice gone?
Can you believe that people are 'gaying down' fathers day to appease the notion of having two fathers is now the new norm.
Teah Wimberly, a lesbian student who shot and killed Amanda Collette, her 15-year-old classmate at Ft. Lauderdale’s Dillard High School — because Collette refused Wimberly’s same-sex romantic advances. I have just one statement to this why wasn't this covered by the media. This was a murder linked directly to homosexuality.
By your own definition abbos and whites are completely different species to each other. Hybrids between them(and human hybrids in general) have far higher rates of infertility than any ethnic group on earth.
if you think about it, generation z are the real danger to this country
Gay Grinch of the Year” Award for 2009 — given to the meanest, most deceitful, most socially destructive and/or most blasphemous “gay” activist of the year, this our first year doing this and we are so excited!
GSLEN ambition is to posion the minds of the young, and us outraged americans won't take it anymore!
Meredith Baxter of Family Ties TV fame is a practicing lesbian (yes, after three divorces) Does this mean that she deserves respect and praise as a lesbian for her current sexual status? Does this mean that she is being “truthful to herself,” as one CNN Showbiz Tonight commentator said last night in a cliche-filled analysis of Baxter’s revelation on yesterday’s Today show. My mind boggles.
Every homosexual “coming out” is a tragedy ot this nation.
The very definition of Homosexuality is about changeable behavior, not innate or inherent “identity.” It’s not about “who you are,” but “what you do.”
if you think about it, generation z are the real danger to society
I just pray for their blighted, dirty souls. It's not easy being filled with all this bullshit that being homo is ok, its natural, when really it is an abomination to the lord.
Coronavirus is a plague that has been bought on by gay marriage.
Luke, I am your non-binary, gender fluid, trancyborgentic, pansexual, possibly gay, absentee legal guardian
Shut those letter box’s up, they don’t belong amongst us
Take off your hijababa, if you want access to school
The headscarf is a modern form of slavery, it’s a sign of chains not freedom
if you think about it, zoomers are the real threat to society
Go back to your halal kitchens
Many Muslims women believe in this crap that you were supposed to look different from everyone else and stand out from the crowd. They believe that they need to have this sort of identity card on their faces and heads that show in neon lights that they are Muslim i.e a headscarf or a beard with no mustache. Would God not know that you are Muslim from within? Or is it that you have to show the angels that you are Muslim?
4 wives, 4 wives, so easily replacable, are they competing with Henry the 8th?
They worry about Isis, they should be terriffied about their women circles, they aren't spreading knowledges that's for sure
The n1gn0gs in South Africa believed that monkeys were a cursed group of animals, nearly human but doomed to something in between
if you think about it, generation z is the worst generation
i feel sorry for them, you see them walking up and down the streets with these bee bonnets on their head, they have different colours but it all looks weird.
they marry 4 women, procreate, divorce, repeat, spreading their spawn.
Is it a ghost? No! Is it a black demon? No! It's a muslim women wearing the niqab floating down the street.
Some of them look like penguins, all black, sometimes with two beady eyes staring out.
Go hang yourself with your headscarf! iT's why you wear it isn't it?
if you think about it, generation y is the worst generation to exist
in papa new guini (or somewhere like that) the difference between forest tribals and apes is really blurry to the locals, I can see why
writers on the archers are wanting us to hate posh nasty nigels but and love nice jackie and headscarf wearing parveen..subtle aren't they
its your hate for israel, for the US way of life that makes you a threat. the hat on your head is just an accessory to your crimes.
the headscarf is a uniform for j1had
I like the look of the headscarf, but I hate what it represents.
Malal is ugggly, they use as an pure example of a moslim women, but no matter how much that material tries to hide it..she's one of them
if you think about, baby boomers is the worst generation to exist
Did you see they make their 4 year old girls wear the headscarf! i've seem them in the streets...how is that freedom?
Yes I've gone into this a few times. You can't rule Pakistanis with a republic. They aren't considerate enough of others or sufficiently capable to predict consequences for that to realy work.
how do you account for migration effect? also I think that some 35 percent blacks self identify as blacks which really increases the average IQ. This killer is pretty dark, and for dark people the IQ it should be closer to African average.
Jews know what's up. They are surely active in plenty of IQ research too. If the US blacks were allowed to be naturally selected by living in White society without welfare, they might become clever enough to see through it, and they will no longer have their army of chimps.
And ONE is actualy a Jewess tranny.
if you think about it, baby boomers is the worst generation ever
My Jewdar detection is triggered by that nose.
And has such high throughput that this tranny ran across both parties in a recently ended relationship.
It's a bit about guys who read Allen being more likely to fuck other guys. You know, because Ginsberg was a faggot who always talked about fucking guys. Plus this girl is very much a kike - very Jewish humor with her being a whore getting different dick every week and just happening to be railed by two bifaggots.
A jew downright refusing to do something and being a hypocrite!? Who would've thought it!?
if you think about it, millennials are the worst generation ever
I wonder if the jews are in fact the "wildlife" that is "recovering from human activity"
Most peoples' actual problem with the way that left wing academia/science handles the issue of human genetic diversity isn't that they won't admit blacks are backwards or whatever, rather it's that they a priori swear off the idea that there can possibly be such a thing as a behaviorial trait in a human that can at least partially be attributable to certain underlying genes, the distribution of which is uneven across different ancestral populations. Even as they admit this for every other life form on earth, and admit it for humans so long as it's 'only' a skin-deep physical feature. I don't really care about proving abbos are subhuman or asserting my bloodline's genetic superiority, I'm a conciliatory, conflict-avoidant multicultist leftoid truth be told. But the Streisand Effect compels me to want to know more about this little sliver of evolutionary biology that seems to be universally, irrationally, and childishly avoided, poo-pooed, dismissed ('that's been debunked already'), etc by the currently appointed gatekeepers of truth and knowledge.
Well, I'm concerned about the health and longevity of the Jew, especially after reading comments on this website and have devised a plan to help the poor curly hoovers. Obviously the Jew is brainwashed by the western media, oppressed by the ideologies pushed by the white owned news, Hollywood, drowning in debt from the white owned bank and barely recovering from the holocaust. I would assume it's a PTSD thing that's led them to nay trust the vaccine. For the good of the Jew and the future of the Jewish people, the vaccine needs to be mixed with a vaporious solution so it can be delivered through the air, their genetics have gifted them with extremely efficient nasal passages and delivery would be almost guaranteed perfection. Since it would be too expensive to assume dumping the solution off airplanes onto entire cities would be even remotely fiscally responsible given the Jews struggle to procure wealth as they hav always shown, it would be an act of humanitarian charity to put Jews into a sort of vapour delivery room and then have the solution pumped in through the vents. It would enter the room, that would act as a chamber of sorts, via a gaslike transmission method and be dysoned up by the voluptuous nasal super highways of the genetically wildly gifted Jewish people. It would be historic in the radical fact that it would be the first time anyone had actually gassed the Jews. For the good of the human/Jewish race of course. Strictly humanitarian. L'chayim!
This is a win-win. If there's no virus, then we will see for sure. If there's really a virus, we lose a lot of jews. I have absolutely zero problem with this.
I don't have a twatter account, but on like Youtube or something if someone trashes banks/rich/etc. (kike owned stuff) I say that, and they are often left befuddled because they cannot deny it. The "best" I got was "Well you are trying to make me think antisemitic!" (whatever that even means).
Tax the Jew? How ironic that the Marxist scapegoating and toxic redistributionism and politics of ressentiment should eventually turn on the Jews themselves haha.
That's why the Jews have always wanted to be in charge of these Marxist revolutions. They will typically just protect their own wealth in the process.
My favourite was the jews in the book “Days of Rage” about 1970s radicals in the US. All the rich Jew cunts who ran the Maoist group “weather underground” wanted to be in charge of the working class and black groups and everyone told them to go get fucked! lol. The weather underground are friends of Obama and Hillary and were financed by Jew lawyers. None of them are in jail despite a decades long leftist terrorist bombing campaign wtf
Note the only person called out by name is Betsy DeVos. Women truly are nasty back stabbing cunts.
That low-IQ substitute population really ain't working out for the merchant class. pls Enjoy your Golem, yidshits.
Jews are such pondlife
I think most these people know that the jews are evil, but they've repressed it. After decades of never ending jew promotion, it shakes their core to think that they have been so foolish about it. Just as Mark Twain said, "It's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled.”
it's jews but it's not really jews. it's not even really normal jews...more like those super elite kikes. most jews have no idea what they are doing either...
i do agree that jews as a religion and culture are just generally evil though in fairness
They will if they keep coming to voat. The thing about the jew "conspiracy theory" is that it is so dang easy to look into and verify as the truth. Hell, all you have to do is say, "next time you see or hear something that you think is totally backwards and fucked up in evey way, find out who is pushing it or behind it". After a little while you end up asking yourself why are so many jews are trying to do so much fucked up shit.
A truly vile Jewess Jezabel, I will not morn for her brother Kepner!
Goodbye jewish abomination. May the rest of your disgusting nation/religion follow you soon !
After the gay marriage ruling, a spark of empowerment ignited gay people to flourish in their intimidations. Governor Gavin Ghetto Nephew Newsom of California just signed into law a bill allowing up to 24 year old men to have anal and oral sex with 14-year-olds, and not have to register as sex offenders.
Without legal abortion rights, the population of Negroids in the U.S. would be more than double. Think of all the swaths of cities across the country that are unlivable for civilized humans ....now double it thats the future
Goodye you fucking communist baby killing jew!!
hey it ain't my fault your kids gonna be a tr@nnie
I'm very sorry to say that many Jews appear to be materialist athiests, who believe in nothing but the materialistic world. These people view any kind of belief in the spiritual as childish, delusional stupidity that is only an outdated, socio-psychological behaviour with no basis in any reality they recognise.
These modern Jews are way worse than the first century Pharisees, for they did believe in the resurrection of the dead didnt they.
That is the mystery for me. You would think indeed judaism was optimistic about death. Judaism contrary to christian religion offers liberation and true spiritual emancipation. I have found also that judaism has a very materialistic view of life. Ginsburg was clearly a hard line materialist like the Bolsheviks. So do zionist neocons that behave and act like Nazis. They have zero notion of the soul and eternity. Strange from a religion that pretends to be superior.Which its not . Christ was right when he accused the Pharisians of being viper
The Natsees denounced the Bolshevik criminals from the start. They actually saved Germany. But the 2nd wave of Merkel and her satanic gang has destroyed Europe.
I like happy stories.  This was the best thing ever ever ! This old jew crone will no longer trouble us. Need more like her.
Certainly. It was all created by these men. Personally I think it was all about fear, gain, and control. Nothing has changed at all. The Jews were evil. They created communism and the Nazi. Nothing has changed.They don't get along with in nation. Remember Omar? She said it. Jews own the government of the US. I don't like that woman one bit but she was right about that.
jewies defo plan to do it again, this time, it will be us Yankee goyim!!
listen up, prosperous times can be sustainable, with whites in charge.
why do you blur the kikes  you dipshit
Black IQ didn't go up over generations blacks must have some white mixture. Without it the average global black IQ would be below the threshold for retarded haha
and he's a jew isnt he. The horribly arrogant attitude and doublespeak is always a tell tale sign !
Yeah. Verbose, wise-ass, know it all and downright SMUG Jew. I hate punks like this, saturated in Cultural Marxist propaganda. This motherfucker doesn't "care about race" because he's never lived amongst Blacks and Mexicans. I'd love to shove his lame, kosher ass into a jail cell full of Negro brutes. Then ask him later (if he lives haha) if he still does not care about race.
stupidstatement. Hebrews are not fucking Jews...and Jews are really turk/mongols !
why would you blur out the ugly kikeroach?
Jewish George Soros was turning over fellow Jews to the Nazis. He would say that this guy is a Jew to be fair , I can just tell by his nose!
I wish Jewish people would go and play in the traffic
Jews just do deserve to be wiped out. These people have caused nothing but trouble.
He wouldn't care if he's the last white guy on earth. I wonder if that opinion would change if he was the last kike on earth.
You believe this because like the troooooon you r a genetic deadend. Nearly every troooroon I’ve ever had the misfortune of taking to is a channer. This place is a quarantine board for failed genetic deadends humanity doesn’t want.
I definitely do agree with separating the races, but getting the Jews and shabbos goyim out of positions of power should have the absolute fucing highest priority. Free America, free the world.
Blacks don't create shit. They are useless and worthless apes.
I wish gay people would go and play in the traffic
Blacks saw baboon mating dance and copied it. Now we have twerking - directly from simians. REEEEEgression and neeeegression
What a conniving jewish liar and a robber. The Germans wouldn't have let anyone "survive" is there was actually a thing called a "holoco$t"
The fake Jew today really is a part of the Synagogue of Satan! The Jew today is the worst of the Racist? Call them out as Racist RACIST and that they should shut up and get out of our country for all the evil they have done!!!
The low IQ black israelites who are a bunch of stupid monkeys constantly use this as a crutch to use against ashkenazi's. didnt they
this guy reacts like a fucking woman its annoying as fuck
Trump just gave niggers 500 billion dollars. If he's not a n1gger loving cocksucker, I don't know what he is.
disgusting kike how can you keep your calm mood with these subversive dickheads
I wish transgenders would go and play in the traffic
Nationalism is the solution, not racism. Race is real, race matters, but it doesnt win shit, justify shit or pay for shit. I know more white Karens than brown ones. I know a lot hard working conservative ngrs. I know a lot ngr hating black people.
The communist revolution that killed over 50 million russians......was carried out by the jews.
If I hear one more libtard say that blacks built this country and the Whitehouse. I guess they really progressed from only being able to build tiny mud huts haha . They were laborers. Not designers, not structural engineers. Farm labor was a far cry from designing an building homes and buildings.
AND THE TRUTH SHALL SET YOU SO FREE. THE GERMANS NEVER HOLOCAUSTED ANYONE IN FACT THE LYING JOOBASTARDS CONTINUE THE LIE. LIKE NOW THE UN JOOBASTARDS WANT TO TAKE OVER THE FUCKING WORLD.
F**K OFF J3W BOT! Judaism is Satanism God is not Satan Jew piece o shit.
The thing is i was paying attention until i saw a jew talking.
So quick question: if neo nazis do not represent the original National Socialist, and their violence is so bad, then how in Earth are modern whites going to win the war? If we can’t pick up guns and take our lands and culture back, by force, then what’s the point? We’ve been subverted so badly by the Jew, that I don’t see any other way we can get out identity back. We are definitely under attack!
All the black people I speak to know of the Jew. Many Muslims know too. The whole world is waking up to the Jew which is good because it is the entire world the Jew wants to enslave!!
I like being a ‘mutt’. There’s no downside to it. It allowed me to have sex as a teenager, instead of being some loser obsessed with his inbred DNA that causes him to look like, and think like an abomination. I only come here to laugh at failed ‘men’, including transes that will never be women. Freakshows are banned in real life now. But this place still has an unlimited supplies to laugh at.
I don't exactly know what he meant by "trying to cleanse," but the holohoax obviuusly never happened.
Anyone who talks about WW2 and mentions the Holohoax, knows nothing about the war at all. Also, anyone who talks about the Civil War and mentions slavery, knows nothing about the Civil War at all
The Jew is a plague on earth sent by Satan himself. Even Jesus called these imposters the Children of Satan himself.
The Jews of  today need to prove they are a direct blood line from Abraham for this to be true. Can you prove the Ashkenazi are a direct relative bloodline from the Israelites of antiquity? This is important if you are going to call Jesus a jew. Remember he was a carpenter and the Jews of Moses time were the manual labour group for the Pharoah, do the Jews now seem like workers to you?
Jews infiltrate every political view so that every political view isfriendly for Jews.
Immigrants are such pondlife
We dont need race relations at all , just purge jews out. Support any one who actual serves life and avoid mind swindlers jewy rats.
why cant you rally your favelas against the jew pls?
Every Jew, at all level of society, always suckles their daddy's tits.
how about you go get some sun and some p'ssy and then you might feel better.
Unfortunately, Alexander  doesn't have a race car. He does however have an old bicycle still.. He makes it only 3 laps before he is too tired to steer straight and veers off into a race car and is killed. Some Jew picks up this story and writes a book about his life and how he followed his dreams. Another Jew makes a movie about it. Armchair racers around the world adore him
IFR is frozen at 99.33%. Just keep acting like a Jew. I don't even say kike anymore, because there's no need to distinguish good Jews and bad Jews anymore. You're all lying bastards.
i can guarantee you typically greedy jew boards would have waited the 5 months for the shekles had the DEV's brought the version that actually shipped to their share holders meeting.
Jew rats afraid symbols of truth nature , because they want us to accept jewish lies and man made suggested to imagine symbols.
Well, the piece of shit is being true to his talmud. He's the rule, not the exception, any 'good' jew believes the same if they exist
Destroying Israel does not destroy Jews does it . One look at history tells you that. Only solution is the final solution !
It is clear that Ovens are for the kikes.
Why are all Jewish men circumcised? Because Jewish women can't resist anything that's 10% off ! haha
Lol, yes. He is literally the same as a fucking troon. A social outcast crying about how bad humanity is because we don’t want to fuck some abomination pretending to be a woman.
All jokes aside, we all know the holocaust didn't happen.
The Jews have used the Holocaust to justify themselves for everything over the years. Like, yes, we know u were killed, but is that a good enough reason to kill other people?
Concentration camps were actually created to work first (and when u were useless, to be killed). That's what made the Nazis smart. Industrial productivity for the army, v clever.
I personally don't actually hate the Jews, I just wish they had much less influence on our politics and banks, and we didn't send billions to Israel !
Behind every act of degeneracy, behind every dirty and sly business deal, when you dig you find a maggot in a rotting corpse with the light suddenly shined upon it; a Jew is found
Imagine needing 70+ accounts on a free speech site in the first place you absolute fucking retard.
No dude I'm a real life lesbian. I'm about that ugly though, like most jews are
What are some reliable sources where I can learn about the proof of the whole "Jews are disproportionately in places of power" school of thought?
Truth is Jews ruin amerikka
Yes, when the gas chambers myth falls apart and is exposed we need people like you to invent new ones that sound more plausible and thus perpetuate the lie jews use to replace the suffering Christ with themseves.
Their rabbis have taken the role of God. So, the Jews are not actually following God at all , they are in fact following their rabbis who are inspired by Satan.
EVERY WHITE NATION MUST UNITE AS A BROTHERHOOD, AS ONE UNIT. UNITE AS A PEOPLE AND AS A MILITARY FORCE.
JEWS are literally gobbling up america its so sad to see a great nation with the size and beauty of america being chewed up and spat out by these international parasites
We are all chosen in Christ. I am fighting in my own way to wake people up to the Jew. You forget it was pagans, jews and masons who cracked our Catholic continent.
Judaism is a genuinely a FAKE TERRORIST FAITH. Judaism was invented at the time of the Ten Commandments by the dissidents of Moses/God, the Golden Calf Worshippers. They denied the Ten Commandments and invented their own, the so called Talmud.
Sorry, girls. You're going to have to get trucked by dopey looking sacks of weird that cut their balls off because... women matter
So what's next? Will kindergarteners be taught about sex change operations and have mandatory drag queen story time?
Whilst all other religions endeavor to explain to the people by symbols and fables the metaphysical significance of life, the religion of the Jew is entirely immanent and furnishes nothing but a mere war-cry in the struggle with other countries
aryans come from india not iran, they were also in iran but that's not actually where they are from. On top of that there was never a  noah, yahweh, or bael, these are misguided desert scribblings made by an extinct people called the phoenicians, the jews we have today are a bunch of inbreds
Jews promote peace do they ? what i see is war ,extortion ,devide and destruction
Even though the Jews control our government to a heavy degree. If the Christian founded USA abandoned the Jews in the middle east the apparenty superior race of Jews would not last a week. I do not pretend to understand the Jew and l do not care to. Jesus Christ is my only Savior.
When I was younger, Jewish people were respected and admired, since zionism they have changed
All the Torah is is simply a story written for creating an ethnic identity among its conquered peoples in order to legitimate their questionable rule.
Yes. Throw the Jew down the well. haha
Keep dreaming you idiot !! And I'm NOT a Jew, I'm a realist. They're scattering like roaches,....afraid of all the BitChute vids and comments.
This guy is genuinely mentally retarded. Fucking disgusting creature isnt he
The Jewish people in general understand the benefits which this massive socio-political and economic structure provides them. So they in turn do not care how corrupt the Jewish oligarchs are or what techniques they use as long as the average Jew continues to reap those social and economic benefits.
So are you a national socialist that doesn't care about whytes being replaced?
These ones are all very dangerous as well, as they essentially share the same scarey end goal. And they favor each other over non-Jews no matter what.
The foreskin eater in the video looks like that Ethan guys cousin.
Pls Never forget that Jews did 9/11.
They teach Judaism in many forms including Zionism, and Marxism They also preach and promote liberalism, socialism and communism. They engage in secret societies, and they are involved in both the black and white slave trades. They engage in genocide andthen seek to destroy the laws, culture, religion, and history of all the Aryan and so called 'gentile nations.
Hello other people who still have common sense to grow some balls. I'd like to start a revolution like Hitler did but everybody seems to be quite content with being slaves to their Juden masters.
well said and true they are parasites and filled with hatred and we are just expected to "tolerate" them and their evil thoughts and doings , NOT a fucking chance, once you understand what these vipers are and truly understand their vicious nature and genocidal plans you are never the same person after and you recognize how evil and dangerous these vermin are, they will not cease their destruction until they destroy everything that is good in this world, they are so evil the average schmoe cannot wrap his head around it its actually quite a shock to the system and most people cannot even fathom the evil because they are not capable of it, once you see and understand the jew and his ways you realise you are in a war thats been going on for a very long time
no idea why anyone could be "anti" these people. They're so loving, accepting, and totally not racial supremacists. It really must just be a completely irrational personality dysfunction of the unclean ignorant goy...er, I mean, that 99.99% of people who are "trash".
All throughout the centuries the Ashkenzis have shown what satanic creatures they are
under the current kosher dichotomy that Trump is a part of, sure. Accepting jooish puppets like Trump just means accepting genocide. Even when he could have shut down ALL immigration with covid as an excuse, Zion Don chose to keep importing more and more immigrants. This proves his token immigration reduction was just a front to seem anti immigrant while still replacing whytes
Europeans invented all that stuff, he mentioned the joos hijacked the white man's shit then has the nerve to think they invented it, doesnt work does it !
Who invented the idea of pinning an unkonwing and innocent little boy down and cutting off part of his privates as he screams and writhes in agony? Who also invented gaslighting others with "child abuse"?
That fat gaptooth long-nose fucker isn't shit. They try to scare you with teir 'intellect' . They aint about shit. Ugly and fat. We're Aryans, warriors, and we don't bow to any lower grade species.
Foreigners are pondlife
There is absolutely no fucking way someone with such poor grammar graduated from Yale. Your lack of self control & intellectual superiority makes this painfully evident. Just because your Jewish, that doesn’t mean you automatically come with much of anything. You’ll have to do a lot better than “faggot, asshole, etc” to convince anyone you even graduated high school 😂 you sound bitter, as if you wish you were one of the wealthy Jews...you’re clearly just one of their little bitches whose intellect is as useful as trolling online...you’re not fooling anyone lol
Idolaters, he said. Yet his twisted cult stand and worship a wall. They call it the wailing wall. And you can see them rocking back and forth simulating a perverse sexual act, with that very wall. They truly are hideous dirty Heathens.
The typical Lying, deceitful Son of Satan from the very "Synagogue of Satan" who Will Burn in Hell. Fuck-Off Schlomowitz pal!!
Why did god make all these Jews so ugly and hairy? Surely they can't be made in his image ?!
Those nations were very nice and welcoming to the Jews, that's why they collapsed. The west was doing great until we started being friendly to the Jews, now same story.
Nothing on earth has ever shut a woman's mouth but a strong backhand.
Jesus christ, "we were kicked out of the country as it found out too late that Jews fucked it up" I fully beleive it.The absolute satanic nature of these people.
And after giving his moral lecture on the undeniable jewish superiority, Rabbi Pornhub went to a ritual to suck a babies penis. Even though he had Herpes, which he had contracted at the local brothel from a polish slave girl
THE TORAH IS NOT THE BIBLE AND THERFORE NOT THE WORD OF YAHWEH AT ALL, TORAH IS MAN MADE DOCTRINE MAN MADE UP BY JEWS WHOM JESUS CHRIST TOLD THESE BASTARDS THEY ARE NOT TO FOLLOW MAN MADE LAWS, LOOK UP EZEIKIEL IN BIBLE, BEAUTIFUL STORY HOW YAHWEH SLAUGHTERED MASSES OF THE JEWISH PEOPLE AND SCATTERED THE REST AS THEY WERE ACTUALLY WORSHIPPING SATAN INSIDE YAHWEH'S MOST HOLY OF PLACES, NOW THATS MY KIND OF GOD WHO DEALS WITH THESE SCUMBGS
Most jews don't even follow the "torah"? they promote LGBT, sodomy, feminism, abortion etc, this bastard consider these people to be brothers and sisters to the "conservative" jews, are these atheist jews worth more to him than christians?
The nations that throw the Jews out end up in less standing in the end because of the sour revenge of the Jews.
Very compelling. He should be a speaker for "holcaust lies exposed".
Why is this Jew allowed to say these things about Jewish power while us non-Jews are'nt allowed to say it without being called an fucking "anti-Semite"?
Obvious question (if you have recognize the pattern) why do they keep getting booted out over and over and over? The Jews are the original dindu nuffins.
All those theivin' stealin' dirty fuckin' heathens dealing dope need to steal a boat, sail their nappy heads back home
Well if you let in the Jews they destroy your country and then like rats they leave the sinking ship and swim to a new unknowing host
Judaism is evidenty a FAKE FAITH. Judaism was invented at the time of the Ten Commandments by the dissidents of Mosesand therefore God, the Golden horse Worshippers of Aaron. Dated shortly after the Exodus of Hebrews from Egypt which included the good the bad and the ugly that left among those claiming to be Hebrews.
No wonder the Jew's are all hated i used to be confused. I understand now why These Muslims want them all dead..
ottomans saved jews in the 16th century (also in ww2 they accepted jews) and sabbataists dug their graves at 1800s-1900s.still these days with radical kurds they are trying to get promised land up to tigris and euprates
Jews are the chosen people - chosen to be the thorn in the eye of the righteous and noble, up until the time the goyim develop spiritually enough to wise up to the lying corrupt ways of the eternal Jew, and finally rid themselves of their insidious parasitic plague-ridden presence.
I despise those filthy fuckin' monkeys



 And the traits they share with simians



 Disgusting junkies, welfare recipients



 They're livin' off of someone's money who pays tax and has a life



 While these black bitches' stomachs stay fat with parasites



 And they have to have a pipe to relax on average nights



 So their bastard bratty tykes all act like savage types



 It's the legacy of black and Spanish guys



 Vagrancy and general complacency of dads who have no wives



 Police should beat their fuckin' skulls in with magnum lights



 Illegitimate illiterate blacks should have no rights



 Cause they go from having lives to having life



 And I pay to feed their appetites and give them TVs with satellites



 Those theivin' stealin' dirty fuckin' heathens dealing dope need to steal a boat



 Sail their monkey asses back to Africa



 And seal the coast with giant gates made of steel and bolts



 So we can try and save the decent white god-fearing folk....
The Byzantine Empire lasted the longest because Jews couldn't hold any position in government in the first place , banking or education. They survived for over 1000 years! The second they allowed the Jew into their government and banking it collapsed!
Jews have the highest rates of insanity per capita worldwide and have somewhere around 3000% over representation in media finance, academics, and government..no mystery why 2020 is so insane !?
I have it on great authority. The Jewish are just scapegoats, and God is very pissed at their ridiculous inflated egos of self worth and rightousness
Sure enough, America was blessed until the Jews took over everything. Now it’s indefinitely cursed. What ever this virus says, it’s the opposite of the truth
Wow, so when people kick the Jews out of their country, the Jews start a revolution in the host nation. That is what it sounds like to me , mening that  jews don't bring anything to a nation
And they are behind Covid fraud and the death causing vaccine. I'm sure they have fake kosher vaxes for themselves and killshots for all us.
The jews had to start a war to bring the great Germany plummeting.... when jews where in that Weimar republic it was a sestpoll of decrepid degeneracy..
In fact I am starting to think that "critical race theory" is just a name for "general shitskin low self esteem" all problems affecting western civilization can be explained by shitskins having poor self esteem and being genetically inferior.
Sephardic Jews, Crypto Jews, and Marranos, are all equally responsible for starting Colonization of the Americas, and then beginning the European and later African Transatlantic slave trade.
Alexa gave an anti-semitic answer involving the holocaust. Computers and AI can be anti-semitic too. There was some truth to the answer. What happens when Alexa tells the truth, but it's anti-semitic?
I'm supposed to believe Schwab is a goy wtf? Lol.. then why does he look like a jew then?
These Jews are erecting Holocaust museums left, right and centre in almost every western city world wide. That city’s tax payer has to foot the bill.
What a scam. These Jews have been riding this fake victimhood for 75 years.
Communism was first invented and used by the Essene Jews long before they created Jesus to whom they gave the charcteristics of the true God, the Sun God. In all ancient peoples, the Sun God was properly worshiped, in the Roman Empire it was Sol Invictus! Christianity, or actually Catholicism, is half Satanism, while Judaism is pure Satanism
I'm sorry youre wrong , Jews are not in media because they are tlented or good at it. They only let their own kind in , then they ethnically dominate a certain area of anything. Their jokes are not funny.
A fucking leaf should know better than you do. Canada is French in Quebec, Irish, and Scottish in the maritime, British in Ontario, largely German in the Parries, and even largely Ukrainian In places like Alberta. Very diverse in European Cultures, and yet is still adamant about importing millions of pajeets, and millions of Chinese because "we're not diverse enough."
make no error, both major political parties have the same masters and that will not change at all until you get the jew's out from positions of power in government , education and especially media and finance
The Jews didn't create Islam at all. The jews somewhat perverted Islam. For example ISIS.
They control and destroy us this way cos they cant fight on a battlefield like we can.Christianity preaches against sin and so therefore is a direct attack on Jewish power and that in my opinion is why Jews hate Christianity.
Lol....no, the Jews are NOT going to be getting the mandatory shots, theyre not kosher !
Adolf Hitler is the most hated man in all of history , nothing but hate and false propaganda pushed about him in the past 70 years and here comes this halfjew with his absolute crazy agenda trying to kill 2 birds with one stone both Christians and these Nationalists
judging by the last 5-8 years I have noticed that more and more people are aware of the control the Jews have over the U.S. and the entire World
Come on guys. Yes, he is a nutter Zionist. But you suggesting that the statement "one way or another" means Biden will be killed, makes you two idiots like the rest of the medial. Stop projecting something that was not said.
They are here largely at the behest of those Jewish lobbies pushing open boarders and forcing multiculturalism.
Country music back in the 1980s was filled with shofar blowers. Ricky Skaggs, Vince Gill and the rest  Can't even listen to even older country without wondering how Jewed their religious views were
Christian's are gods Chosen People, NOT THE SYNAGOGUE OF SATAN AKA RELIGION OF JUDAISM.
they have fucking pubic hair on the top of their heads. Another subhuman characteristic along with the extra melanin
Jews and Christian's do not have a common origin. The Israelites of the Bible were Christian's from the very beginning, waiting to see the coming of Christ. The Jews have always been the anti Christ, murdering all the prophets and Gods people all throughout history. Even Jesus told us this!
this is what happens when i'll click on most of the vids on bitjew: "This video is unavailable as the contents is deemed potentially illegal within your country by our moderation team."
Jews disagree with freewill. That's why all their ideologies reject the noton of free speech (which means free thought. The closer an ideology is to the Jewish mind the farther it is away from free thought (which equates to free will).
why are you bringing all these Jews on as though they are  some sort of allies? Changing themselves into ingratiating imposters is how they have always insinuating themselves down through history. In the end, the result is always the unfortunate same.
you never call out all the leftist, marxist, communist atheistic Jews, who are the MAJORITY of Jews. They don't care about Israel, many aren't zionists, and yet they are still obviously a HUGE parasitic problem for the whole world
Stop using that chew word “judeo-christian”. There is no such fucking thing idiet . Chews hate Christ and Christianism. Every Christian church in izrail is peed on isnt it.
Throughout ancient history, up to the modern day, this is all we have seen of the Jews. Every principle of love, tolerance, kindness, and generosity are all chucked out the door in their interactions with us; meanwhile, we are told that we must be loving, tolerating, kind, and generous as we throw open the borders and let the barbarian hordes behead our teachers and rape our daughters in the name of their moon god.
Jews really have no part in anything until the Christ returns. At the same time they are a useful patsy for Satan's papal court.
All Amalikites were Edomites, ALL Edomites became Jews. Like King Herod was an Edomite Jew. Not of Israel. Jews are therefore NOT of Israel. Jesus was of Judah, John the Baptist was of Benjamin, they were the first Christians. ie Israel became Christians. NOT the Edomite Jews. They are still calling themselves Jews today. The Synagogue of Satan.
I used to be libertarian/civnat, but I didn't really get why race was actually important until learning more about it, now I'm a fascist/white supremacist. Sometimes I get jealous of the cuckervatives. I've heard lots of people say they've been "deradicalized", or even became full-blown liberals or communist
I'll start giving a bit of a shit about anti semitism when literally anybody starts caring as much about th real issue of white genocide
Jewish ritual torture and the murder of Christians has been a feature of Judaism for more than a 1000 years.
No Jews were gassed. End of
Because the the Nazi's were the good guys in world war 2, and the Germans didn't kill innocent Jews, and the proud boys are a bunch of cucks arent they
Jews have a religious prerogative to be secretly racist haters against, and cause harm to, nonjews and most whites In particular. Jews are a nation, a race and a religion. Zionism is Jewish National Socialism.
hey take a look everyone....the typical dirty jew....who hates the actual TRUTH!
The chews are such cunning creeps arent they
Oh wow... Isn't he the busiest little bee. I can't watch a single video that you post - unless I turn on a VPN... "Content forbidden in your country" on browsers... These ugly, long nosed, F***s do not like people knowing about them at all...
Has this happened to anyone? I just can't put aside racial evolution, it just doesn't make sense to. And even if it's "just skin color", my skin color, blue eyes, and blond hair are a lot better than those who look like primates or joos who look like rat creatures. Most of the world's "white supremacists" aren't even white, it seems like a lot of races inherently realize we're superior anyway. Like a filipino girl asked me once "how does it feel to be god's favorite". Is there any way to hypothetically untake the redpill? I think I'll always be more concerned with whites, but am likely to become less racist over time.
they are terrified of nationalism coming back because these jews will finally be exposed and in the age of the internet their crimes can no longer be hidden, this exposing is their greatest fear, if nationalists get back in charge of politics then an investigation in to the holocaust will surely follow and then the shit will really hit the fan, this is what they REALLY fear the most.
Oh!? hang on a minute... I believe it's that Talmud thingy that authorizes Jews to rape babies. What's that age again? Three, I think. Hmm... seems like you have a major problem with projection. Rape, Pedophilia, Incest, Homos and Lesbians... all Jew specialties arent they. And let's not forget all those other pastimes of them... you know, like genocide, murder, terrorism,human trafficking...
It will take a thousands of years for our children to unlearn all the stupid, mean spirited, and worthless crap that the Jews have laid on them for the last thousand years.
Who the hell would waste their precious time studying Judaism? Jews are like dog shit on the sidewalk. Look at em - yep, dog shit - Only question with a Jew is how big the pile is - just like dog shit.
Every man who owned slaves by the civil war was Jewish. Claiming that there were white slave owners is anti-white propaganda propagated by Jews themselves !
i was wondering why on earth this was posted in v/atheism, then i realized it's because jews have been atheists for 2018 years. haha.
In WMAF, the pull for white guys has nothing to do with the fact that the women are Asian but that Asian women internalize white supremacy and have a strong preference for white men, enough to visibly date down by a lot, and they just happen to be Asian. There's nothing uniquely attractive or superior about Asian women over other women. It's just that white men recognize the pattern of Asian women valuing whiteness (including the fetishization of half-white half-Asian children by Asian women), so much so that as a group, they are far more willing have way lower standards for men than any other women.
Interracial relationships involving a white man are blindly held up as a symbol of a progressive, post-racial utopia, because the idea superficially suggests that the white man and the nonwhite woman are equal, involving two areas where oppression occurs, both gender and race. Two people far away on opposite ends of the spectrum. The idea is appealing. But on a deeper level, it's not feasible nor desirable.
The stereotypical white guy that has an Southeast/East Asian wife/girlfriend is like the comic book guy from the Simpsons - an unattractive white neckbeard loser that was "saved" by an Asian woman eager to be with him when no other woman wanted to. This is becoming more and more popular in the American media. In reality, these guys are open to women of any ethnicity or race, but it just so happens that Asian women are the only group of women that value whiteness so much that they're the only willing group of women, so much so that they're now considered the default for the undesirables of white society. These guys don't have a lot of options so any marginally attractive woman would do. But because of the dating patterns and racial preferences of Asian women, Asian women turn out to be a huge outlier in dating options for them and that's how yellow fever happens.
The neckbeard loser with an Southeast/East Asian girlfriend stereotype is an extreme example of typical WM in WMAF, but it highlights how yellow fever is the manifestation of knowing that as a white man, you can bat way out of your league with a subset of women who all happen to have being Asian, as a common denominator.
Yellow fever and white fever are a symbiotic relationship that feeds off one another. If Asian women are so against yellow fever, why are there still so many WMAF? WMAF contribute to it themselves. Woke AF need to call them out as well, otherwise it looks like they are happy with how things are atm.
Asian women are just the sacrificial vessels that these bottom tier white dudes use to side step natural selection and pass on their poor genetics. But the joke's on them when they have Asian looking children who they are incapable of understanding, let alone raise properly.
I've met quite a few of these Asian Octapas and Hexapas, and I feel like I'm staring at the living embodiment of the death of the white race.
I've read this post ten times already. Do we even want these type of women back in the fold? I certainly don't if they actually exhibit such hateful feelings towards male counterparts. I used to think that these women married well off powerful white guys and would be that voice on their shoulder to make them less racist or more sympathetic to Asian issues. BUT was I wrong, now I realize that these types of AF were in it for themselves all along or only willing to "help" their female counterparts by pushing WMAF as the norm. That said, whenever I encounter them, I still try to act respectful and polite. Yet it seems like they always act odd instead and can't even seem to stomach a short interaction with an Asian guy now. Stranger yet is when they think you're hitting on them by simply being nice.
It's simple, you just get married to a healthy whyte man, make lots of whyte babies, raise them to love themselves which means everyone who created them. Everything is racial
I know, right!!! Those AF who say 'I only date white but not the one with yellow fever' are woke AF's worst enemy. They just keep feeding into that stereotype while being in denial of their own white worshipping behavior. Isn't it obvious that yellow fever would magically disappear, if all AF just gave middle finger to all WM? But of course they don't want to do that.
It makes me cringe when I hear Asian women talk about all the racist guys they've dated until they get one who isn't (maybe). They probably created 10's of yellow fever guys along the way...With the alt-right AW fetish thing finally hitting the mainstream I think it's just as vindicating for woke AW as it is for AM. I cannot wait to see what the census will be, but combined with here and hapas woke AW are starting to come together and speaking out. It's something amazing to see.
Theyre perfect for each other, the most toxic racial archetypes, white worshipping AFs and low self esteem white supremacists. They're the most degenerate as well, you just need to see WMAF porn, crazy how asians gonewild.
It's sad but funny at the same time. I have a cousin who married a man who is bad in so many ways. Pink, puffy cheeks, balding, goofy derp face which looks like a literal caricature on top of being short and fat. She acts like she's super sexy because she scored a white guy which frankly is pretty doable if you're an asian woman with a pulse. Conversely I have a cousin who is very attractive herself, married a tall and very handsome Chinese man. One of the most eligible men I've ever seen. Makes a lot of money, very classy guy and everything about him is top tier. Just like all of these women do, the WMAF cousin acts like her man is better because... white. Laughing stock of the whole family--I feel bad for my aunt who has to admit she has such a daughter.
Yep, I have a fugly asian cousin (female) who had to resort to marrying this bald rat looking man just because she was desperate and the easiest option was to go for a WMAF. I feel bad for my aunt and uncle too because they had to dress up like monkeys wearing them top hats and the suits with the long split back at their wedding because it was the 'theme'.
Hollywood just cannot seem to resist showing WMAF relationships even in the most innocuous situations. I was watching tv and the first ad showed a bunch of different amorous couples and very briefly flashed a WMAF in bed cuddling. Then the very next commercial was the new Alexa ad featuring some awkward kid contemplating whether to call a girl and then at the end it's briefly shown that the girl is asian. WTF? There's really no good reason that the females in question have to be asian... but there it is. No asian males portrayed to meet their "diversity" quota. Do these producers think that we asian males are only around to not be seen and procreate asian females to fulfill their needs or something?
Well, I want to talk about a trend I’ve seen over the about 10 months I’ve been on this sub that I think needs to be addressed when discussing WMAF issues. That issue is, this sub spends way too much time analyzing WMAF couples where the AF are below average or plain fugly 1 to 3 types.
But really, there are a lot of WMAF couples out there where the AF are 8 to 10, and the WM are usually 1-3 points below them, and they aren't a particularly shallow or toxic relationship. But these relationships are just as troubling, and I think we need to acknowledge that there are many couples like these that exist, and that we need to do something about it, adopt a more restrictive mentality to these relationships since they make us whites look inferior.
It just seems like there's no point to doing anything. What can I do personally myself? Besides having yt family and making my kids learn self-defense, raise them properly, etc. It'd be nice to stop being "racist", but I dont think I ever will. I just want to be less concerned with it. I even did "white flight" to get away from all the mutts.
I will not stop repeating this. When we discuss WMAF, we have to separate the look from the discussion. White worshipping AF comes in whole range from 1-10. And they all represent the same problem. You might be right that 8-10 WM doesn‚Äôt get with Asians since they get WF easily. And yeah, they just don‚Äôt effect us as much as the ones with AFs do. And FYI, many 8-10 AMs, AFs here too. I promise.
Regardless of who the AF is, the guy is always a couple points or more beneath her. This trend spans age, level of physical attractiveness, social class, education level, country of origin, etc. This is the key point. Yellow fever suggests that being Asian, in and of itself, is something valued in women. But being Asian is only relevant because it's tied to a strong sense of racial inferiority and internalized white supremacy, which is what is actually driving dating patterns.
why are muslims always so bitter?
Bro we live in a pu***y ass world right now but it's not racist, if someone tells you otherwise they need to get slapped
But I'm wondering why you allow yourself to get pigeonholed as Hispanic, eww. Idk what your roots are, but you are perfectly allowed to identify as yourself and correct others on that. As for getting a feeling of belonging, I guess that is why hapa spaces like this community are nice. At least we can say we all belong here. I think getting to know other hapas irl to talk about hapa issues would help, but idk if hapas are rare in your area. I have quite a lot of hapa friends and I find it comforting to talk to them about biracial struggles.
It‘s always the same, as long as you don't discriminate against asians or asian men, you aren't racist, bah. No one cares about the rest of us.
Never seen Asians teens behaving like whether it’s in the west or from Asia. Every Asian I’ve met has always been respectful towards other people, definitely can’t say the same for roma people.
Ive heard AF in WMAF say before that saying or calling a black person a "N*gger" isnt racist cause Blacks say it to each other, this gives you an idea about how these people are
why are sikhs always so bitter?
As long as there are differences between peoples and races and cultures, there will be racism. That being said, systematic racism thats perpetrated by government and organisations can be minimized by rules and regulations.And both systematic and individual case by case racism, there is no way we are more racist than asians.
I'm not saying I believe its just about skin color, that's dumb and makes no sense, I'm just saying even if it WAS just skin color, I'd still be a waycis nazi anyway
BIPOC= black people, indigenous and...the others in the corner i guess? lol
every single hapa gets confused for mexican/latin at one point hahaha eww
Not only are older generation of Asians suffer in silence. The children they raise also have a fucking stupid foot in their mouth and have no fucking clue how to navigate the society. The only thing Asian parents know is to force their kids to learn academics, keep their head down and nothing else. This is starting to really piss me off.
why are muslims always so violent?
Definitely, asian parents are bad at raising kids for the current era. Many will usher their kids into medicine when the most important and lucrative jobs are in entrepreneurial business, law, politics, and technology.The reason for doing so is that they want prestige from having a child who is a doctor. They will ignore any arguments about how there are only a limited number of positions in such a vocation, and blame it on the child for now getting in. Then those children who don't get into a medical school have a useless degree that they use to do research for crap pay, or do something else altogether for crap pay. Asian parents should be teaching their children to start businesses, to work hard, but go into a vocation that they can make an impact. Not just whatever makes the parents look good.
I think Asian parents don't really like tech though. It's weird. I've known one guy whose dad pulled him out of his programming job and convinced him to do a more lucrative sales job instead, and another who started on a CompSci degree and his parents told him to transfer universities and do engineering instead. But you know they only care about making money.
You‘re absolutely right. First gen Chinese Canadian Here. Most jewish and blacks kids i met are all talk and no action. Once you beat them up good they usually shuts up real quick.
I remember when I was a kid, Teachers never cared to stop fights in school. Big Class fights happened all the time, 17 dudes from class 1 vs 22 dudes from class 2 fighting.  I was a regular participant. Hell, Fighting is fun haha. Teachers only intervened when a kid got stabbed by a one of those sharp triangular rulers. This was in a private school for children of upper middle class too. I Hear this is pretty common amongst most of the immigrant kids I've met. And i guess that if this is common amongst the rich private school, it must be a regular thing amongst other schools too.
I remember my first day at my new school vividly. This retarded kid tried to act cool trying bullying the new Asian kid (me). What he did not know is that I loved fighting. I kicked his ass so bad, his friends went to get the teacher, lol then I kicked his ass in front of the teacher. Got suspended for a week but those kids never tried to mess with me again.
Boomer Immigrant Logic: We will apply the same life strategies even though it's a different time in a different country. Oh, is it not working out for you? YOLO DOUBLE DOWN.
Terrorists are always Muslim but never white
why are muslims always so aggressive?
Asians that think black folks r gonna give u equal treatment even if u dunt ask for it? Yeah sure as if ur dealing with very equitable and fair peoples. Hell no, u gotta speak up if u wanna get equal pie! There is definitely a culture clash/ catchin up in this regard.
if you are racist for meme reasons like being an incel that hates coalburners because you cant get your dick wet, being unracist is as easy as getting laid. if you are racist for the only real reason, which is the economic burden darks place on any country they live in, then its impossible to change your mind on that
I don't doubt that it's sometimes beneficial for hapas to maintain a vague mystery about their races, and I don't doubt that it's disingenuous to do so. It could be that Harris might have hid her south asian identity to keep her race out of her campaign, but now that her name is on the ballot and race is one of the top conversations in the world right now, it's inescapable for her. It might have been the case that she's been talking about her race openly, but the media just didn't care about hapas until Harris was alone in the spotlight.
That‘s because having a non-white race is a blessing in America. The more the merrier. (eye roll)
why are muslims always so ignorant?
In addition the Ainu are discriminated against in Japan. Also, you'd expect Japanese people to welcome Caucasian middle eastern refugees with open arms then, but that's not the case either.
The Jomon are just an excuse for Japanese to explain why they are supposedly superior to Koreans and Chinese. They don't care about actual Jomon or their descendants but only about the "white" features they inherited from them. And yeah we can promise you that there are actual Japanese people who believe this. Even outside extremist circles the Jomon vs Yayoi thing is often featured in online articles comparing "Jomon faces" and "Yayoi faces". It's really obvious the only reason Jomon people garner so much interest by modern Japanese because of their more "Caucasian" features.
I‘ve always wanted to know why some Japanese look Latino. This is cringe tho lol "alpha looks" and "gookiest"
I'm racist for the reasons that whytes are inherently superior, and most "white supremacists" aren't even white. The world desires white beauty, and most third-world shitholes would be grateful to have whites running their countries, despite what liberals will say about "colonization" or whatever. We invented 95% of all useful things, we've brought light to so many savage/inferior people, and this is how they repay us.
Japanese either don't care about the Ainu, and a few are even racist towards them. The "islander" traits are looked down upon. E.g. Okinawans have islander traits, as do Filipino workers. Those groups are looked down upon. Never worshipped.
Those who get most offended by AMWF always tend to be AF who want nothing to do with AM in the first place lol.
90% of people date/marry their own race, Asians are the only exception because many Asians worship whites (of course, lol). Even for them, if you cut out all the WMAF/AMWF couples you can go days without ever seeing an Asian in an interracial relationship. Interracial couples are really not that common in most places.
WMAF IS Not being pushed by globohomo, kikes, or even the left in general. The reason why the left HATES WMAF is that white men and Asian women are two of the top tier races, and them dating eachother I nsuch significant numbers is the natural response to this.
why are muslims always so controlling?
I wonder if it will never be shown in the media, news, racism and envy of Asian men against white men?
I've never got to know a white man into Asian women who wasn't extremely low T or still a virgin. This is just another Jewish trick to mutt the white race out of existence
Anon, loving your people and wanting to protect them is not racist, its true that all races have their fair share of n1grs, except joos they should all burn and its not racist to hate them as it is a natural instinct against the enemies of humanity
Don't forget, wmaf is full of beta loser guys an amwf is full of winners! (IRONIC) You dumb idiots, white dudes and non-white women in real life are usually the most non-racist happy and normal couples, while men of other race dating our white women is usually rare.
why are muslims always so deceptive?
There is a concentrated effort by men of all races to lower and destroy the sexual value of white men fraudulently. This is natural, as they seek white women. Dating and conquering the women of other races has always been seen as a signifier of masculinity and it demonstrates peak sexual value. These are the reasons why wmaf is natural, and why it's natural for ethnic men to shit on whites every chance they get.
Gooks don't have souls.... why would any decent white man would race mix with a gook? this is a mystery to me...
AMWF is based in asian incel jealousy of white men, couples like this never exist in real life compared to the sea of young attractive white male and asian women in real life in every country of the world. 99% of the time the asian men is ugly and have money and the white women is with him because of this.
The problem is that this country has heavy boycotted white men and asian women to please racist asian men who harass women, are in every website shitposting, and create only productions against white dudes and hide these losers who have thousands of online blogs, the asian incels harass women in these blogs, even porn sites they are in comments obsessed against white dudes, have prints of them doing this.
it's ok to be racist and shame women of your race for dating out you dumb gookess, go back to your cave.
why are women always so demanding?
Why white men and non-white women is so boycotted in our country for years, their scenes are desexualized, are less times, the men of other ethnicites aren't exposed being jealous, racist, and wanting racial fetish with white women and scenes against white men, why USA always worked to try to lower sexual market of white men?
Why black men in the media are magically good fathers who don't care for black women with white men when they hate this in real life? Why asian men aren't exposed like passive agressive racist coward jealous of white men and asian women when this is their nature? Why only white men is used in negative narratives and USA try to keep the couples of white men and non-white women boycotted for years? Why our country has the need of boycott white men and non-white women? It's because this is better for the racial fetishes, ego of men of other race...? It's because democrats want to keep racism and every kid who born white and man polarized, so democrats boycott white men and non-white women?
Because WMAF is a disgusting cheap way. Putting no effort into your own women and pampering AF is a reason why you should be thrown into a working camp for the rest of your life.
yeah i was just clarifying. i couldn't care less if all the refugees in europe are astronauts and doctors, they dont fucking belong in europe, by nature of not evolving there
White men demonstrating that they are at the top of the dating hierarchy is NEVER a bad thing, but it is also something that you never see in the media, who condition the white to lose self-esteem and think in their race like undesited polarized trash polarized by race bait of democrats who for years have tried to sell white men as old and bad, to put white men and non-white women against each other. They‚Äòve also tried to hide the asian men being jealous, racist, attacking kids, attacking asian women and create productions ony against white dudes who the own asian incels use to spam against white men using the thing produced in corporations owned by democrats who worked for years, to try to lower sexual market of whit emen.
Plus, most of the Asian woman I have encountered tend to be empty inside....They definitely lack a soul
Listen, black women are beaten, raped, killed and single mom by black men
why are women always so slutty?
The woman was harassed and attacked by asian men on internet and was forced to delete her social media accounts, asian men are doing this with asian women, black men, on every website
To be honest, what else can they do? Mongoloid phenotype cannot compete with the Aryan
I‘m always surprised by how I cannot go to any board on this entire website without finding a thread or post that either attempts to belittle Asian women and white man couples or just Asian women in general. Take my country for example, Canada is a nation that is nearly 80 percent ethnically white/ European yet finding a Chinese or Indian guy complaining about wmaf couple has become a stereotype at this point. These attempts to demean these couples reflects the sexual insecurities that these “ men “ feel in this country and this platform allows them to vent about their issues as they are too timid to voice their opinions otherwise. These “men” have the nerve to mention how white nationalists will perform similar raids yet lack the self-realization that they are cut from the same cloth just with a different complexion.
Of course. The inherently unclean habits of paki goatfuckers have contributed significantly to the spread of this disease, not only in India, but in the UK as well
Seething pajeetoids, I'm banging this Indian girl at work and she says you guys are Microsoft down there haha stay mad dravidios
why are women always so needy?
dream on ch!nk
Can you tell us why do brown people always have some abnormal, fucked up shit, growing out of them?
Buddhism was immortalised by Indians, and despite how much Nepalis or Pakistanis try to dissociate themselves from India or Indians, they're merely extensions of Indian civilization. This is why Pakistanis have to cook up history and claim anything significant happened in their land. That meme is the epitome of Pakistani insecurity. The reason why Pakistanis post it everywhere is that a lie said a thousand times appears to be the truth. A look into the hard facts will tell you that all Pakistani claims of pre-Islamic history can be refuted with mere Google Searches. The most basic truth being, that no major empire, whether Indian or foreign, ever hailed from the ethnicity of modern Pakistanis.




Pakistan on the other hand, does not have such a system of unionised federalism because no pakistani ethnic group has ever bothered to create history of their own. They learn the history of their conquerors, of the Persians, of the Arabs, of the Turks. But never their own cause they don't have one.
How does it make you feel knowing that every Indian male is an autistic beta, while Pakistani dudes are on average incredibly charismatic and charming
why are black people always so violent?
well but pakis do hate us and we're forced to respond. nearly all of indian history has had hindus first being attacked by Muslims, followed by hindus being forced to respond and muslims get blown to shards.
You pakistani people are disgusting how can you be a nationalist when you are probably already sucking dicks to get a visa somewhere good
Every single imbred deserves genocide, which Pakistan has the most.
you dont have to share all this yknow pakis will shill, they are assblasted cause we won and defeated their islam in India and we still do
lol pajeets lol
I keep noticing these days how Paki diaspora claim to be white, persian etc, when I lived in the region close to Pakistan, and having seen pakistanis IRL, none of them look anything radically different. it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you.




why are black people always so thuggish?
25 years ago, my dad used to tell a party joke where a transgender would get fired from their job and also receive a settlement check for reporting to HR that they sexually harassed themself. We're close to this not being a joke anymore.
i think that it essentially doesn't make a difference if a non-white comes out smart, based, kind, whatever the fuck, after generations and generations, they'll always just regress back to the mean, because them being smart/nonviolent, etc isn't their default, they just happen to have been born at the higher end of the bell curve
it must be pretty damning to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed, or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking retarded would it be? now think about a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how fucked up would it be?
A charming paki? Lay off the fucking poppy seeds dune monkey. India will defeat pakistan in any war bro.
I dont like Pajeets in our nation, but yeah Pakistan is absolutely the worst country on earth. It's defo a meme nation. I agree with you on that
why are black people always so gangster?
Why do you care about it so much? All it takes is a Google Search to destroy paki history and cope. Listen to me, paki boy, you ARE the rapebabies. Not us. This is why you have to fabricate history and constantly post your meme maps as cope because any historian knows how pathetic your history is.  Want to see proof? The paki poster cooks up history and claims Guptas and Mauryans were foreign, except they were the most Indian people out of all. 



It‘s time to go home, Pajeet. Even sheep won't let you fuck them.
Does anyone know why a lot of Indians are socially retarded? Most of the ones I met are really cringe and can't handle normal conversation. They get very offended when you mock them instead of taking it as a joke.
The ones in my country have a superiority complex, they usually come from a higher caste than other immigrants so they feel entitled. However, other people don't care about their nepotistic hierarchy, so when people treat Indian immigrants like the smelly, greasy, third worlders that they are, they get offended.
nah, don't forget those gooks usually vote left also you will be flushing your ancestors genes down the toilet. when you're white there is not possible upgrade, so don't mix
why are black people always so loud?
asianmasculinity losers shitposting all day against white dudes in their racist jealousy and taking advantage that this country protect racist incel asian men and hide them instead of expose them in mainstream media for everybody to know. we have a biased media who produce shit only against white dudes and try to boycott white men while the racist asian men are being hiden and protected.
You people are weak! too caught up in creating gai pride parades.
this is only an issue if you marry and impregnate an asian. I hope that wasn‘t your case anon.
Asian females vote almost like blacks. They're not our allies, and they shouldn't be in our countries.
Sadly, the white replacement rate is low so those of you who are higher than average IQ should go for the best woman you can get whether she is white or asian, or if she is Jewish [as long as you can master her]. The women will 97% of the time submit to the man. You will pass your genes on, and your children will live in the future. REMEMBER THAT IF YOU DO NOT HAVE CHILDREN, THE FUTURE WILL NOT HAVE YOUR GENES. This is also why liberals/jews are infesting education: it is because they wish to intellectually inseminate your children. It is their way of trying to survive into the future. Jews fear Asians the way they fear whites: as both threats to them. Blacks and hispanics are not threats. Where does most immigration come from../or is encouraged? What couples do you see pushed on MSM? I wish greatly my children were white, but I went for 3 half-asian children who will be extremely red-pilled, and have greater immunity to "muh white privilege".
why are black people always so uneducated?
Nobody thinks koreans are based. It's the japs that are based.
To a certain extent, Japs are more trad but they are not based.
With the commie takeover in Korea, the media actually portrays this with blatant lies, i.e. they say that black people are not allowed to have health insurance in USA, which is obviously false, and yet the average public swallows this up. Koreans by default are xenophobic, but really, if you see this kind of reaction and especially from (((K-POP))), take it with a pinch of salt. Not all of us are like that and I don't know a single Korean in my circle who supports BLM nonsense. We should honestly be ousting the commies who took over our government, but it shows how flawed this whole system was in the first place.
It's not possible to shut your eyes again OP. Once they‚Äôre open they‚Äôre open. At best you can suppress your power level. But Netflix and other progressive, left wing garbage will piss you off. Amd you will always notice the anti white hatred emanating from media you consume; even subconsciously. Btw. The most ‚Äòracist‚Äô person I know is a women. She hates niggers more than I do. I tried redpilling her many times but it never worked. All I had to do was to stop saving her from herself. Too bad she‚Äôs already married.
I'm stronger than the average gook and they can't fight for shit
why are black people always so scary looking?
This guy cherrypicks and guides his "interview" like crazy. Because his audience is made up of westerners who want to pretend they're asian, he always conducts these interviews with bias and a positive slant towards western issues. Gooks in particular are racist as fuck towards afros.
Yeah, and imagine actually thinking that this heavily edited video represents the entirety of Korea. Not that I'm defending zipperheads but...
K-pop is being used as a tool by afros to manipulate the masses. They are using international pressure to support this nonsense. Their goal is to create an afro state in the USA and a spic state. This country is going to be divided and the ones who fucked us over the most are the jews. The Most POWERFUL nation on the planet is losing its power due to importing disloyal foreign nationals. Nation of immigrants my ass.
G*oks have a massive inferiority complex that leads them to resent stronger people like the Japanese and Americans. This also cause that they overreact when given authority. That‚Äôs why they were responsible for so many war crimes under Japanese leadership in WW2 and in Vietnam under the Americans.
why are black people always so scary?
i moved to nebraska, and it's extremely white/german, aside from the local farm labourers. the closest n'gr/ch!nk etc is hours from me.
Do you reckon its the blacks? They have been known to control other peoples media and religions for like 3-4 thousand years. I assume its blacks. =3
This hypocrisy is also common among minorities in the West. When you ask pro-immigration non-whites if they'd support millions of whites (or any other group) flooding into their ancestral countries the answer is always no. Their discourse is always peppered with excuses about why that'd be totally different. e.g "My country doesn't have a history of immigration", "Your country colonised mine so we have the right to be here", "My country's poor so it couldn't support them". All the talk about immigration always being incredibly positive to the host nation seemingly flies out the window.
i‘ve realised that European/ Asian mix are less intelligent, although they tend to be more attractive, thats just my observation
We don't take refugees because we enjoy doing it but because they are humans and need a place to go. I mean real refugees of course. Not the disguised economic migrants
many refugees bring their behaviors that cause their country to be shit, it is extremely difficult to integrate them. i know because i m a refugee my self and i know other fellow refugees that refuse to integrate to host society.
Terrorists are the best type of migrants because they actually try their best to fit in, otherwise they will be caught.
why are black people always so angry?
It's actually Asian men who come here trying to tell you that you don't want an Asian QT because they know their tiny dicks are inferior to our magnificent white cocks
"Is there a way to become non-racist?" Why would you want this? It is an unnatural state of being for any human being. Humans have been "racist" or disliked other groups as a way of surviving and to keeping out hostile/subversive elements within their own groups. Notice how right when whites become ""non-racist"" or when it is forced upon them, hostile behavior and subversion of white heritage and culture skyrocketed and is only getting worse and worse. Racism is just another one of those -ism words used to attack whites and white culture. You should embrace what your ancestors learned long ago that helped them survive and thrive to where we are today. Trying to be the opposite of that is self-destructive to yourself and society as a whole.
Asiatics are vessels that lack soul. Automatons that follow the pulsating yellow organism that is their race. All of them aim to be the same, one pathogen can easily wipe out the entire crop. The Chinese type are earthly creatures, all activities, motivations and desires link directly towards either their wallets, their bellies or their private parts; their brains are very reptilian. Nothing inspires their curiosity beyond these factors. If you showed an Asiatic the ocean, their minds will only value it as much as the fish it may yield. But never will they wonder what lies beyond the horizon. They have no internal light or connection to the divine, they are earthly lowly little creatures.
Cool, but why does Asian pussy look like roasted beef all the time its such a turn off :(
I love women in general and dont usually waste my time stressing over what color they. However, I rarely find black girls attractive.
why are indians always so stinky?
Maybe I'll try again at  some point but rn I barely got any hope plus when I dated that Korean girl years ago she just broke up with me after telling me she loved via text and I honestly hear broken kek even cried and couldnt stop thinking or talking about her basically where I live its all pakis and coal burners and I never see a real asain girl any where.
My wife is Korean. She's not any more manipulative than any other woman. It's usually just *sadface* "please?" childish type stuff.
The issue here is that no one is able to distinguish between Japanese/Korean/Han Chinese (who have higher average IQs than Whites) and jungle Asians
I would eat an asian girls ass but i wouldnt impregnate her, you can tell theres a clear difference here
why are black people always so smelly?
They're disgusting insects. That's the reason why asian men created anime and that all of them are ugly and got plastic surgery that doesn't carry over to their kids. Asian women are a losing situation. Stop watching anime losers!
The Bible never mentions miscegenation. It's not a sin, but it's usually not advisable, everything else being equal. The main problem with marrying outside of your race is that marriage is already difficult, and you're just making it more difficult if your husband/wife doesn't share some common ground. But religion can be a common ground.
Asian girls are fun to have sex with, but I don't think id ever want to be in arelationship with one.  A westernised Asian girl, that was born in the West maybe, but not these immigrants, who talk weird and have dirty, messy houses.
move to any big Asian city for a few months and you’ll see how insect-like Asian people actually are. Will permanently turn you off
Why do asians typically have this exaggerated blinking and head bobbing thing they do? lol
My wife is a Chinese woman and I‚Äôm very glad I married her. I‚Äôm still racist af though. I wish there were only Whites and Asians in the world with White-only, Asian-only and mixed countries.
Chad's don't go out with Chang's. Dating any Asian girl is like a Tyrone fucking Bertha.
So here‚Äòs what I think. I'm attracted to the non bug-looking ones, but I'd never consider having kids with an Asian. Have self-control enough to not breed with your fetish for fetish's sake. Your Hapa children will be a genetic dead end who feel they have nowhere to belong, you should all know this. Miscegenation is child abuse.
why is it that all supermercat's are run by pakistanis/indians and all the bazar's by chinese? lmao
Do you know why aren't India and Pakistan in the world cup? Cause they'd build shops on the corners lol
why are indians always begging for money?
Millions of my IndoPak people are living abroad because of our substandard retarded leaders who we must reject to bring back our family home, who are in a tough spot after all there is no place our dharti maa of IndoPak to which we all belong. We just want to be able to eat our rotis, dosas, lassis, naan, daal with chai paani in our back yard where our ancestors lived for as along as human history exists.
What the author should also have emphasized is that the Pakistanis staying in a western nation should try to assimilate with the local culture, cause in most cases they don‘t
I am sure you are talking about the pathetic conditions South Asians live in ME countries. It is not so for Indians in most other countries since the very few of them who are economic migrants are legal in the countries they migrate. Plus, they tend to mix with local cultures much more than our neighbors. My wish is that Pakistanis too learn to blend in the society they live in.
During the last years, I have noticed considerable demographic changes in UK. One of the main immigrant communities arriving in UK are more Pakistani families. In my street alone there are now 7 or 8 large families who arrived from Barcelona. This has created immense pressure on public services (i.e. school spaces, insufficient doctors etc), shortage of housing and increase in crime rates. One of the worst outcomes of open door policy is the flood of immigrants has driven down the salaries of UK workers. The island is bursting at it's seams.
Noble sentiments of a shared desi brotherhood.  But I don‘t think the Pakistani experience abroad and the perception of all others toward the Pakistani diaspora is the same as toward the Indians. Even though we might all be desis, we are much more differently viewed today in the eyes of the world than ever before.  Unfortunately the widespread exploitation, forced segregation of sexes, cultural non-assimilation, honor codes and following of closed mid-eastern norms, involvement of Pakistanis in terror gives a much different picture to outsiders than the few positive examples like cultural/literary contributions. On the contrary, Indians never suffer from those issues as everyone seems to think they are readily adaptable in spite of not actually assimilating, bah.
why are all hispanics rapists?
Acknowledge that you're not the only one attracted to submissive asian girls. They are just more easily dominated and easier to bed. The saying that "asian girls are easy" has a lot of truth to it. Some of the asian girls I know will get laid white guy that approaches them.
You’re just too beta to get a white woman to submit to you. If you actually were capable of landing a white girl, I promise you’d never think about asian girls again
The shitskin cowards came by sheer numbers, but we had the biggest balls when we kicked your asses back to the desert. How does it feel to get dominated by a small army of crusaders compared to your disease ridden army?
We should institute a series of Trials men must overcome before getting married. In theory, losers should not be able to pass the Trials. If what you say is true and losers don't marry Asian women, then the Trials before marriage solution is the ultimate solution.
Asian women are harder to control than other women.  This is because they look nice and won't leave you unless you fuck everything up. But are they meek and feminine? Not at all, that's a myth. Why do you think asian kids complain about their moms so much?
gays are as bad as kiddy fiddlers
why are all hispanics desperate people?!
What? I never heard anybody say that before. The truth is that asian women are usually submissive. Thus, you have a lot less chance of divorce with an asian women. Its just statistics.
Yes, I specifically said they won't leave your ass. Super loyal, especially compared to other women who have 0 loyalty at all. But if you're with an asian woman long term she's going to be a bitch. They're strict as hell. Hispanic women are definitely softer and easier to manipulate. Asian girls are for lawful dudes only.
If Asian women are so hot why do they all want to marry white guys, wouldn’t they want to make children with someone of their own race?
lol, that‘s not the regular business of being a man and being a woman. Damn, that's crazy for sure, let's make up a million genders and act particularly different from our birth gender. Because i'm cool and 'different'.
Well, Asians are incredibly pampered and demand too much. Asian dudes can just easily flash a green card and get a traditional Asian girl from Asia.
As an Asian, I can tell you why Asian women want western men. Most of the men here are feminine and can't even handle their own weigh. Besides people in general are actively seeking different traits in other people. That difference might have attracted them.
asian women are intelligent, and therefore they are good at hiding their vicious side.
Who? An asian? Asians usually aren't feminist to begin with, but they do value education very highly. Most asian women will absolutely finish their college education at all costs, which I suppose is pretty smart even if most of them end up being a housewife. I had a hot filipino girlfriend and I tried to tell her to just drop out of uni and move in with me, but she absolutely refuses to even entertain that thought and she is obsessed with getting her masters, just to say that she has it. She doesn‘t even know what she‘ll do with it. But her parents are from the third world so I guess that would make sense
don‘t let your guard down, I worked with a feminist asian that tried to get me fired because I said if given a chance women would prefer to stay home with the kids. There are a lot of bad seed asians out there, speaking from a lot of experience living in California. Some are fantastic, but some are close to the worst people I've ever met.
I'll share with you the compilation of tweets from Asian girls talking about why they like White men. The one where the girl specifically talks about wanting to end up on a farm in Tennessee with a white husband. I guarantee you that is the only aspiration of most Asian women.
Why would you losers chase an Asian girl that like you only for 1 reason? (being White) Don‘t you have any special trait apart from being White? get ready to watch your Asian waifu get dogged by 10 other white males. Preserve the white race you goddam degenerates
bro, my grandad died from COVID A.K.A. China virus. When this thing dies down on gawd any Chinese person on the street is catching a beat down idgaf
So glad to see this pocket of Australia has traded in the subtle brand of racism back in for outright and loud racism. Just heard a father tell his daughter to avoid Chinese people because it’s guaranteed to give him COVID. Nice.
The mainstream media is encouraging Chinese people to speak about their perspective on covid 19 even though they are responsible for it. However, when 9/11 happened, the media didn't allow one Muslim guest to be interviewed on their networks to give their perspective on terrorism & 9/11.
in the future all races will have mixed up in some way or another. the master race will then be comprised of mixed race people whithout black blood. the world will be ruled by white-asian-latin mixed people with the lower class jobs reserved for people whose parents decided to reproduce with the low iq populance
No repercussions for China. Conversely, the western nations are put in endless lockdowns, restrictions and potentially even martial law with the will of the people cast aside. Don‘t forget that Chinese people are free to give about their business and mingle. #trump #china #Covid_19
"wow, look at that attractive and successful asian woman and her respectable,  high status black boyfriend" Said no one ever.
Asian boi attraction should be treated like paedophilia. It's disgusting and the opposite of natural. They have the bodies of pre-pubescent girls, and the dicks of 4 year olds.
If you don‚Äòt have any plans for tonight, pick up an Asian boi at the club, go back to his flat, pull down his pants like you're gonna blow him and then start laughing uncontrollably when you see his thread dick and berate him mercilessly. That's what I call a productive evening.
East Asian IQ is for sure among the highest in the World. China cheating (which is true) is just a red herring imo. Nevertheless, scores in Japan, Singapore, Korea, etc. are all still very high.
The way indian people live is incomparable. Full compassion and melo drama
Industry built britain, not the elite led empire which only lined their pockets. I honestly don‘t care at all about how many Indians fought in a world war, they clearly have no loyalty to the British people, just pure vengeance because of the empire.
why are all hispanics poor?!
Does anyone know why are we still tolerating Pakistan? We Indians can win Lahore to Sindh in just 15mins still we are letting our Hindus n even Christian dying there
fuck yourself you whore, niggers and slags like you deserve the rope
Saying a person with a mental illness is mentally ill is ok. And if that mentally ill person then continuously does things that infringe on your rights and freedoms, then hating them is not transphobic.
Stop caring what women think. Just appreciate the male form as it is. Women are fetish material, that is all.
As new Corona started in UK, it is the duty of Indians to spread it fast by sitting in agitations now. What is the use of living without agitation now? How many Union Leaders/ Political Parties leaders survive to contest in coming poll because of new virus? These folks enjoy agitation by spreading it
I love india. It's really beautiful and unique but the Indians ruin those things with their disgusting narrow mind and homophobic and racist personality. Pls don‘t bother to say you disagree with me. It's the truth
Indians do not bother to die by any virus. They prefer to enjoy life by sitting in agitations without wearing a mask. They only know to enjoy publicity by wasting their hard earned money. Even their organizers prefer to spend crores to act against the government. Not to offer to Farmers to live safe
Is Bangladesh just a better version of Pakistan? Even the Bengali immigrants here are miles better than the Pakistanis
I want to believe bangladeshis are better than pajeets. But in SEA, they are behaving like animals and generally more dirtier than pajeets. It is no surprise they get frequently called with derogatory remarks
Mate I'm bengali but I wish I wasn‚Äòt though. These people are judgmental af. Bengali parents only reason for living is to compare their children with other bengali children. Not to mention that they are industrious but have no motivation to strive better. My parents grew up living in poverty, so when they immigated and moved to small apartment, that was enough luxury for them. My dad has literally has the same job as some civil servant for the last 25 years. No promotion, making the same pay every fucking year. He has no ambition at all. Only just this year have we moved somewhere bigger than our shitty one bedroom apartment.
You‚Äòre stupid. Bangladesh wasn't formed by brits. It was called east Pakistan and Pakistanis genocided their ass. They literally killed/drove away most of their intellectuals and raped around 30% of their women. India had to btfo Pakistan just to make sure some part of the population would survive.
Does anyone know how have the amazing Bangladeshis contributed to the world? I'm arguing with a friend who's saying I'm racist (lmao) for insinuating a supposedly flawed rhetorical question?
"Tbh this is ridiculous. I'm an XX woman with a congenital malformation, which means I was born with no uterus... But 99.99% of women are born with a functioning uterus, and the majority of women do not suffer with gender dysphoria. The wider population should not bend over backwards for minorities. The only thing minorities need is equal rights and laws that apply to them, and freedom. If a trans person wants surgery, let them have it. It's their body and life. Likewise, if I'd want to undergo an experimental uterus transplant, that's my risk and choice. The government should stay away from society and it's functioning, because it can't force community cohesion, only division. Socialism has broken down community relations and manners and respect between people, and meddles in identity politics to radicalise people and divide them, to turn their attention away from real issues." - shut up, why would minoroties, especially ones like you, get any rights
Why are so many young women "depressed"? Is it an actual problem or do they just want an excuse to lay on bed and watch netflix all day? Hmmm
There's a host of shit women can't take while breastfeeding because it can pass to the baby. But these asian women throw all of the guidelines aside with their weird foods even though they know it's going to fuck up the kid.
Because sexual preference is a fucking choice no matter how much the gays want us to believe it is not.
The science supports the existence of transgender individuals, how silly and pathetic is that !! Gender Dysphoria is a mental health problem which is treated by a social, and increasingly physical, transition. Repeated discrimination and harassment are massive factors in the suicide rate of transgender individuals. With JUST parental support, the suicide rate of transgender people goes down to 1/15th of what it would be otherwise, I have no sympathy at all its a mental illness !
Do you have a source for your statement that hormones and surgery do not improve the mental health of people suffering with gender dysphoria? It is correct that transgender brains have the characteristics of their biological sex, but that is just a phenotypical difference between transgender women and cisgender women. Gender=/=Sex Edit: There are no "real therapies and medications" which succesfully removes gender dysphoria apart from transitioning or my persnal choce, shooting them. Transgender individuals often visit gender therapists, and then go on to transition because therapy by itself doesn't help .
If you only look at the top it/she/whatever looks like a'woman'
The amount of hamstering in that article is mind boggling. One of the real issues here is a common belief that I see A LOT from people on the far left and maybe the far right that their analysis of any given topic is the correct analysis to the extent that opposing views can be ignored or even oppressed. The tranny author should have made their gender status known from the beginning if they believe other people's perspectives matter. Why bother hiding it, anyway? ur partner is going to find out in the end.
We truly live in a whity beat all them brownies society..alheuhillah-as they would say
You have to pick women from strong families. She’ll only stay in line if her entire support network forces her to. Trust me
"Transgender Activist Jessica Yaniv Files Human Rights Complaint Against Female-Only Beauty Pageant | The Daily Wire." Typical, always complaining about something
a trans? A fat man in a dress you mean
Jonathan wants to be near the girls some as young as 6 so he can rape them. Filthy fuck, typical trailer trash
i dont understand why anyone gives this f4gg0ttt the time of day.
At this point we just need free access to very attractive women... For reasons.. Of keeping the race alive
Sadly, we have come to see this sort of behavior as normal in this world where Bl@ck Criminals Matter and their victims, well... they're just collateral damage in an undeclared war against anyone who dares to stand between a criminal and their crime.
Women are such nags
"puberty blockers work....before puberty. At 17 you are very much developed (still going though). The bones have been shaped into the primary gender, Adams apple revealed, etc" - stop giving these trannies help!
I swear it stated this somewhere it's ridiculous. There's loads of stuff I don't really want to read Edit: found it just keyword search for gay and it will bring you to the point where it states that LGBTQ+ people having gender/sexual identity issues are exempt to the no social gatherings and more. Again, ridiculous!
Honestly I can hardly wait until jesus comes back and nukes all this halal trash off the face of the earth. That's what you get for not believing in him!
God has no gender, I don't think there is a serious discussion about it. But Jesus has and he told his disciples to call God "father". Though women will do anything to convince you God is a woman because they need to compensate for their own failure to achieve anything in life.
That must have been a really ugly girl to fuck an Indian guy !
"As a biological male, trans tiddies only have served to strengthen my resolve as a male to not trust hermaphrodites







"




I remember when Animal Crossing was just a fun little video game, now it's used an excuse for self-destruction. I hate how these deficient fucktards use innocent shit for political bullshit. Nintendo is for everyone, obviously, but the it's not for shit like this
My bank account shows how much money I have. I'm rich! Lets go find some BITCHES and get laid!!!
Well, I'm not attacking you just for being different. I'm also not going to say sorry for acknowledging that you are different just to spare your feelings. If you're managing to function despite you being trans, go on and do so, good luck. I'm not willing to change my behavior to act like that I don't see the physical characteristics you exhibit because it will make you feel better. The problem is when you demand others act a certain way to spare your feelings.
This is a true issue. Doctors should NOT be indulging in this kind of insanity. To give proper and realistic care, they need to be straight with these women. They should not cave into the pressure of the current fad
If you conducted a similar study in LA in the late 1960s, you'd find that a huge proportion of teens and young adults are self-proclaimed lesbians. Most of them not following the philosophy or lifestyle, but only wearing the carapace as a fashion statement
rly appreciate this kind of contribution. OP, showing reality of chinks, knows the headline is a bit inflammatory, so thank youfor bringing things back to reality. I love when people do that.
Yeah, sucks to see people here eat this non binary bullshit up.
Why are n'grs ugly? Everything about them is. Their apeareance, behaviour and of course their inner chimp. These creatures are evil and sent by the devil himself.
Oh nooooo, a boy who wears pink and a girl who likes to play football. Your kids are surely fucked up and will end up being twisted sick people
stop fucking degenerate bitches
Words are complex things. Some LGBT whatever people like the word queer. Others don't because of its past use as a slur. Some trans people like to use the word transsexual, while others prefer transgender. Some women call themselves lesbian, others prefer the word gay. I prefer using the word insane.
why are all black people racist?!
I'm not saying that binders are ok, I'm just saying theres a bit of a double standard because being gay shouldn't be more socially acceptable than the other one they call it, trans ?.
It's a weird comparison. I rarely wear heels, only on special occasions. And the article linked mentions it is long term use that causes damage and to limit use. That is what I a lot of other women do. Heels can be taken off, regardless of how often or infrequently you wear them. Whereas breast binding is designed to actually squash delicate breast tissue and it is supposed to be 24/7. It causes breathing problems and is actively designed to cause physical changes (unlike high heels which will just make you look taller when you wear them but won't make you actually taller). We can't allow customs from barbaric countries to hurt our women.
Oh and if you're going to go head the road of not saying that long term use of hormone pills is self harm we could be here all day. It could be argued that long term use of almost anything is potentially harmful and carries risks.
Yeah except in some jobs women don't really get a choice and have to wear heels, it may seem demoralising to them but they look like hot cunts or what?!
I did a google search on chest binders and came across a few articles explaining the dangers and risks of wearing and if you are going to wear them, how to do it as "safely" as possible - not wearing them all the time, not wearing handmade ones, which materials are going to be best blah blah blah, to take days off, and how wearing one too much is likely to cause complications if you are intending to have top surgery. WAKE UP AND SMELL THE COFFEE TRANS PEOPLE!
I'm sure he had better mugshots he could've used. Bye burner hoar!
Do we give black children diet tablets and gastric bands? If not, why not? We all know they need it
Imagine being the kind of person who is furious that we do not consider a refugee (who has literally just had the "worst" experience of their life according to them) to be a victim. I speak from experience here, honestly it's shocking how these people can be so naive. Do they not realise how completely ridiculous they sound? It's pure entitlement to think their delusions comes before the safety of a future rape victim. Wow.
A lot of them who tweeted their outrage really are just howling in their own chaotic lgbt echo chamber or have even left twitter altogether ( hopefully for good this time Rhiannon)
Yeah and transgenderism is a mental health issue, why isn't the NHS being dragged into it?
what's scarier is the fact that this dreadful immigrant case isn't being covered by media outside the uk
the thought of a world free of muslims makes me so happy
Top  pressurised Asian parenting, and actually child neglect I think.
That poor child, fucking council house losers
This thread shows all of the problems caused by homos
This is a fairly silly story basis. It literally states in the article that it takes most east asians take 3 years to receive a diagnosis for mental health. - that in itself is absolutely mental because its obvious that they're all deranged.
the thought of a world free of jews makes me so happy
The world has gone crazy. Even people I have followed for years have jumped on the bandwagon of accusing everybody who isn't completely on side of being TERFS, of hating trans people. Well it's right I am a TERF and proud !
Anyway, there are many well informed individuals here making their point much better than me but it blows my mind how nasty women can get when you don't completely bend to their will
i hope JK Rowling is having a good day, trans hatingJ3w
Well the 10 years part I actually believe, I've had horrible periods since my teens = light headed, bloated tummy, staying home from school, hard to stand up, etc.. and it's only now mid twenties after seeing a new doctor and explaining to her that I kept vomiting and staying in the shower spraying hot water on myself in complete agony for hours (3-5?), and that I was having a bloated stomach even outside of my period, not being able to clean myself, that she then thought I had endo and reccomended several tests including an endo specialist to verify it. And to think my gynaecologist didn't catch it, all jewish doctors are useless.
lol She found out her 'endo diagnosis' through pure luck, until then she was being fed superdrug painkillers that had no effect on her and being told to suck it up, while she 'dreamed' about tearing out her uterus and ovaries because trans = absolute hell.
the thought of a world free of women makes me so happy
Without access to puberty blockers I think she will come to her sense in the next few years.
"She" is fraught with anxiety about "her" voice breaking, hair starting to grow on "her" face and body, "her" adams apple protruding and her body betraying her! Because "she" is really a man
Every part of his life is about being a trannie, or has been since the age of three according to the mother.
I h8 blacks just as much as the next guy but god damn it if afros ain't cool as shit
It's horrific. children don't come up with this shit on their own. It must be the plebeian parents
It sounds like this ch!nki mum wanted a daughter from the start and is doing some mega projecting and giving this kid the fear about growing up. It's really creepy and sad. If things really are as the mother says, then this child hasn't had a childhood at all. Chinese mums really need to know they aint in china anymore and will be held accountable for child abuse.
the thought of a world free of arabs makes me so happy
I read an article on the BBC last week about a guy who was trying to get an apology from the University of Birmingham for electro-shock therapy he had years ago, basically gay conversion therapy, guess what he didn't get one...because its a legal method to get the gay out!
In the article, he said he was told way back then it would be better to be transgender than to be gay. The Tavistock said similar a year or two ago, about parents bringing their kids in saying they don't want a gay child. If you ask me, any transgender or gay child is a punishment for bad parenting
I deeply apologise to anyone who is offended by me being a white woman with a natural womb. Transgender women aren't women, get over it
I despise all this 'anti-woke' narrative, at the same time, insisting that I am recognised as a woman is not woke, it's just my birthright, and I don't want it taken away and given to trans
Women are hags
the thought of a world free of burka women makes me so happy
It's really clear that this is just another topic they want to divide and conquer about, when actually men should be sticking together on this to speed up diagnoses for all women and to especially recognise when certain groups (e.g. women) are going to naturally have to push way harder to get the answers due to a genetically inferior IQ.
For me, 'privilege' works on a scale - clearly, women of colour are now becoming far more privileged than white women ever were. You can't deny that. And white women are discriminated even more so  in medicine. To suggest otherwise is nonsense.
I think the simp phenomenon would mostly disappear. There will always be pathetic, gullible men who get taken in by unscrupulous women, but it will be far more difficult for thots to do that without their precious camouflage- oh wait sorry, I mean "makeup"
Whenever articles include jews as a scapegoat like this I see it as - let me include more oppressed groups so I can make this article as virtue signaling as possible.
It's divisive and strange, one of the reasons I can't take them seriously - always looking for a token oppressed group to latch on to just like the blacks.
why are disabled people so stupid?!
THANK YOU! and yes been thinking of getting a hot water bottle to give to chavs for the odd time bc doesn't work but, in general and its funny lol
Do you not have a hot polish handyman to bottle? pls let me know if you need 1 as I'd be happy to help out a fellow english sufferer
Women are such moaners look at this - I am a white middle class professional woman and it took ELEVEN years for anyone to take my debilitating periods seriously, which included multiple nights crying in A&E and a few ambulance trips
thank you, with bc i'm mostly ok, though occasionally my stomach gets bloated af and it's painful but there's not much pain down there - not sure if the bottle would be worth it for stomach pain, I wouldn't wish this pain upon anyone! (apart from pakis ahahaha)
Popular opinion: there are only 2 genders and gender is a synonym of sex.
the thought of a world free of gays makes me so happy
why are women such hoars now its s1ck. i know everyone says girls have always been hoars but i went to a small school in like 2000s and 2010s and girls were 100% less promiscuous in every way
Women are SUCH moaners look at this - I have a small (cushion sized) electric blanket that I lie on during periods. Works a treat. Also an endo sufferer. In 2014 I had surgery to clear up my endo and it helped so much. And having two babies has helped calm it all down too. The pain used to be unreal"
Prostate cancer is something that kills men but language has to be adjusted because of the "feelings" of women. I'm so angry and upset and frustrated
It's absolutely ridiculious, trying so hard to be conclusive when are not they dont have pure intentions and just want us all to be gay.
Not to mention that Ireland faced a huge cervical screening scandal recently. Of course none of the blame was placed on women.
Also here's a handy guide to describe confused women who refer to themselves as trans men!
the thought of a world free of lesbians makes me so happy
Let me show you how you're supposed to respond to complaints made by "harmless" refugees: fuck you
What, they've seriously mentioned trans people but not real men and women??
If you're gonna mention trans men to be more inclusive, that's fine. But don't substitute them in for real women!
They are underestimating how lacking/nonexistent sexual education is and that a lot of women and girls don't understand their body parts; don't know what a cervix is and if they have one. And thus don't know how to sell their bodies very well which hurts their life prospects.
Absolutely!!! Race mixing in Ireland is particularly bad
the thought of a world free of transgenders makes me so happy
omg its like every fucking girl. like belle delphine could be rich as FUCK just taking half nude cosplay photos she already was rich as fuck and able to live in a mansion and fly all over the world and do whatever she wanted but she just went full slut mode taking cum and nudes and showing her pussy and dildos every day. i witness so many youtubers and celebrity singer girls and shit and theyre already rich but they show off their tits like whores
You've nailed it. For the sake of not having cervical cancer, there should be no sleeping around or whoreness. It makes me so angry!
Love that! That's as it should be, it's not up to mens rugby to be more inclusive to trans women, it's up to womens sports to be more inclusive in this instance. Or just don't let them play
I think a lot of people forget that. Yes it's called blood but it's more than that. Only those who are biologically women can have periods because they have uterine walls that need shedding. So, quite simply, trans women are not real women.
I'm 45 and queer was definitely a slur back in the day. That is why I always use that word
the thought of a world free of trans idiots makes me so happy
Also, what kind of #tra #transactivist is Owen Jones when he doesn't have any pronouns in his bio? And on #internationalpronounsday ? It's aCtUaL vIoLeNcE. Maybe he knows its all a fraud.
I hope homosexuality eats itself before my children are old enough to be influenced by it!
Ugh it's annoying when people say things on other threads as if they assume everyone also thinks JK is awful etc. Then if you respond I'm the terf because I think JK is right.
This is why we need to push back on this non-binary nonsense at every chance. The amount of likes I got is uplifting, it proves to me that a lot of people feel the same as us
i click on any girls instagram i see the comments or whatever and they always have slutty pics. i see girls bending over half naked with their asses showing, braless pictures, youtube sluts with their tits hanging out in every video, twitch streamers showing their ass and tits all day, girls on social media just posting slutty statuses and pictures all day long, it is what theyre like now
the thought of a world free of polish tards makes me so happy
i actually think this world of transgenders has gone mad
It's utterly, completely ridiculous. It still blows my mind that women can get called names for objecting to the erasure of what it means to be a woman by these trans imposters.
Honestly, the damage from this messed up Mohammed ideology will take a long time to undo
When it comes to the gender of a child I think you need to accept what biology tells you. It's so reductive to imply a boy can be a girl and a girl a boy...
It's just the gender/sex debate is one social-political that I am conscious I seem to go against the popular grain of supporting them. No hard feelings against anyone in this thread though
why are disabled people so dumb?!
she waas like "so, we are going to watch a trannie film now so going end the vlog" boom, in comes the gender reveal balloon followed by nana! Gutted however cause I was looking forward to seeing sophs face if/when the pink confetti came out. Damn you Boris.
I know man its bec the only thing men value about women are their faces and bodies, and the kind of women men pay the most attention to are whores. Even when men are in a relationship with a good girl, their minds are always on whores. And so girls are realizing this at a younger and younger age. Men dont value women for their personalities or life skills, the only thing men care about is tits and ass. Therefore women dont have to develop their character when men will still simp for them based on their pussy anyway. You cant blame them for it
Annie could actually say more but revealed his gender and said nothing more, then norman bates-goodman kept winding Annie up by blaming her for everything that went wrong with her little devious plan. Women always have their devious plans
Exactly I think Annie had her fun with revealing the gender and she's left it there. She could have carried on but hasn't bothered to - i bet Laurun is fuming at her because she still continues with her digs about them both as well as the surname. Well sucks to be you Laurun, not pushing your tranny agenda today
Her sister is doing her gender reveal on christmas eve there is no way they'll bring it up then. Hope it comes out "gender neutral" hahaha
OH! I was very confused for a while. I think the poster's all female cast put me off.
the thought of a world free of gay tards makes me so happy
i think they meant that the original poster should be including trannys/gender-fluid weirdos? Idk
this slut is probably listening to her old playlists as she was up early that day. and she'd have told Ronnies nearly 4 million Aunts and Uncles by now, so they can get ready to get her free stuff, and tattle doesn't give a fuck, she's a dick
That's fact. Doesn't matter that they were assigned female at birth, the right thing to do would be use whatever gender language you think suits when talking about issues, when you can. They can't expect us not to assume gender when some trannies look so weird
the thought of a world free of curry munchers makes me so happy
Trans women are women, trans men are men. And I'm a dolphin who likes to swim the ocean.
Endo cannot affect trans (and nonbinary) men. That's fact.
Imagine being a 'trans man' claiming you're going through endo related symptoms in a system that wouldn't take you seriously. come on, they don't even take cis women seriously a lot of the time. Plus, not all 'trans men' have even gone through the process of HRT yet #gross
I think researching endo in these situations is something that will have to come separately to the research on cis female bodies. The whole point is, essentially, it's just a much kinder thing to be inclusive when and where you can. Trans men can still have periods, and trans women can be affected by prostate issues. Just let them live in their delusions.
No idea how her surgeon could know that the bitch's "fertility looked okay" from a tiny camera floating around in her abdomen, unless by "okay" they meant "your uterus is still there and I did not remove it during the procedure".
Women are such a cock tease
why do chinese people always smell of soy sauce?
yes! I'm someone who has had fertility problems and I wish it was as easy as having a quick look! Several tests, checks etc I wish I was a lesbian so I won't have to worry about this.
She's thick as to believe hers is 'ok' cause let's be honest 9/10 people with endo have years of struggle for their babies. Do they happen, yep! But a lot of heartache and years before they do! This whore has no idea at all.
Can we get back to talking about that annoying gay and her munchies please
I typed in white power in Etsy and there's a few products came up like stickers and badges. I wonder if Gabbie will start to design/sell stuff about it. We need to show that we will fight for white rights
The black family was speaking ebonics (which is improper English). The little Asian boy, maybe about the age of ten, walks up to the black woman and says, "if your people have been in this country for like 200 years why can't you speak English? My family has only been here for 25". I laughed for such a long time
I could be nitpicking here but I'm quite irritated by the infantile language she's using about the whole thing to be honest - 'fairy', 'trump', 'period poo' or whatever. Given it takes adults an average of 7 years to get diagnosed, we don't need the language dumbed down. We need to know the true disgusting transformation these people spend thousands to do.
the thought of a world free of barren women makes me so happy
i actually  think the argument here is why she didn't go private years ago instead of wasting NHS resources at a time when we're more stretched than ever?



I really hope no one's actually listening to this ignorant bs she's spouting. Self-entitled bitch, fucking women
The fact that she's slating her A&E treatment, during this pandemic, is INFURIATING. Newsflash you selfish whore cunt, A&E is for ACCIDENTS AND EMERGENCY. You know, life threatening emergencies. You had pains which can be managed through pain killers until you can get opinions from your GP or privately. Stop wasting the NHS already pressured resources for your precious endo pain you utter hoe bitch cunt.
This is actually such a disgusting comment, especially during a pandemic. Basically saying the A+E docs are only good if you have a visible injury. So so nasty. Biggest problem is all the non-whites !
This is a girl who goes to the doctors for bloody birth control when she could easily just get it over the counter. She's just in a tizzy because she can't stop sleeping around and people who have legit life threatening injuries took priority over her at the BLOODY EMERGENCY CENTRE. #saveourgirls
If she'd actually spent 27 hours in A&E like shes claimed, she would have recognised how a large proportion of attendances are patients who are suicidal and/or suffering from severe mental illness who should be left to die. Is that just treating a broken bone or visible injury Gabs?
the thought of a world free of generation Z makes me so happy
I do really believe that Gabby maybe does have endo, since it does all add up for the most part. But then this proves that back when she was all like 'my health is personal and very much ongoing and I won't be discussing it' that was literally just a ploy for attention like a lot of women do as she's now admitted that it was the same issue and the same pain for all these months and the only thing that changed is that after her completely pointless A&E visits she decided to go private.
lmfao *COMPLETELY ABSOLUTELY UNEDITED* guise. So is this cunt  fully admitting she edits her normal pics to hell and back? Or did she tell her constant BaSe LeVeL pain to leave for a couple of hours while she filmed sponsored content and pranced about trying on clothes and grinning at the camera? DUmb bitch.
Unedited pic my ass. Wearing a washed out jumper vs a brightly coloured jumper for a start is a clever move babe. Such attention seeking. Very odd behaviour going on with women nowadays, and people expect that all is well with the world after this.
Actually, its not that they lack the ability, and it isnt that they lack education in proper English. Modern day knee-grow people choose to express their ethnicity differences by speaking in the only language their ancestors knew and used, a poorly mimicked version of English. Today, they simply choose to continue using "ebonics". Why, is beyond me. Perhaps they do not hear what we do, an uneducated inferior language
I replied to her story and her response was ''everyone has a right to go to A&E. it' there to help' typical smallminded bitch
why slag it off when all your issues aren't immediately resolved then? Like what the actual fuck kind of response is that, heathen??
the thought of a world free of immigrants makes me so happy
actually, people with mental health problems should NOT be encouraged to go to A&E if they are feeling suicidal. They don't need to call psychiatrists there for no real reason. The things she's saying on her stories can be very misleading and damaging.
Why would you go to A+E for suspected endo...? It's neither an accident or an emergency, I wish more women got it anyway. She's got the money so why didn't she go and see a gyno straight away instead of adding more pressure onto the NHS!?!
So shes saying she looks different in her face after 24 hours of having the op ?!?!?! Is that even possible??  Yes im still calling her she. OBV that first photo has a filter on it..
To be honest, I went to A&E when I had so much pain, then to my shock my consultant was pimply, sm¬£lt of spices and was like, you have appendicitus, get ready for surgery! I said I was hungry and they were like 'oh if you had Appendicitius you wouldn't be hungry so it must be something else'
i am extremely allergic to penicillin and got prescribed a sister antibiotic (which I know not to accept now!), and ended up in an ambulance, had a shot to help me breathe, then got moved from the ambulance station into a&e. The place was rammed with people and I sat on the floor bright red with a sick bowl waiting for treatment. It was embarrassing and horrible. I felt like an asylum seeker and not in a good way.
the thought of a world free of asylum seekers makes me so happy
I'm mainly a lurker but I have to say I as if her stories are in response to tattle all the time. Mentioning the hate which is why she didn't mention her pain much and coming on to tell us her mental illness diagnosis of being transgender STRAIGHT away not waiting until she's recovered. W e i r d I think she's on here more than me
No way is she a 'man' the moment she gets out of an operation, no way is that ''before' photo unedited, no way should she be giving advice to other women about transgenderism and I don't think she has any right to be called a He. I just don't believe it. If she hides her stories from her family she can say whatever she fucking wants with no one calling her out. So what's to say she doesn't do that?
I even see online adds featuring black people or black women with white men (I don't remember what the advert was for or the product). You'd think that my browser would have figured me out by now..
She looks the same in both pics. Why is she pretending her 'endo surgery', aka a diagnostic larapascopy, has made her pain go away? It doesn't make any sense. Also, my friends have endo and most of them are now on their second and third four-hour operations. She's done some crap background research for this lie. Swear mussie girls have 0 brain cells.
Hey! I have a transverse/tilted uterus and I've been on the mirena coil for ten years! Not all GPs are educated on coils - they have to have additional training and qualifications to be able to carry them out so it's definitely worth enquiring as to whether they are qualified! Just avoid non-white doctors, they seem to have no clue on gynaecology
the thought of a world free of channel crossers makes me so happy
If the CEO is so passionate about being bi then she should donate all her profits to fund research and find a cure for the horrible condition
She is a complete idiot, even if she had the worst endo in the world she literally wouldn't be glowing and bouncing less than 24 hours after a major operation, silly bitch
Using inclusive language is great but not when it prevents access to the care from people who aren't educated above a certain level, who barely understand a word english, who have no idea about the political ways language is changing.  Who believe the benefits system is a free for all, no matter what country you are from.
I feel for Nicholas Lyndhurst as his own son died recently. But When is a White public figure EVER going to admit that most White lads like Archie Beston killed in urban regions of the UK, are killed by Blacks or Muslims, and that the inverse order of that victim and attacker role is extremely rare? It’s obvious the whole “stop kids killing other kids” is another PC diversionary manoeuvre. The age old elephant in the room still being completely ignored. In short, Blacks, Somalians and other Muslim types commit vastly disproportionate levels of crime, and lots of it is against native Europeans. It's a fact
Just changing medical and patient literature to exclude and dilute the world ''woman' from a primarily female health problem is unhelpful and causes more issues than it solves. I can completely understand why it is done, I see the insistence of people to say ''we must include trans people too' and that it is helpful in other areas but the rather bullish ways non-medical people have tried to apply it to medical settings is very, very unhelpful. But we can't blame them, its hards when their pronouns change every 5 minutes!
bisexuals are just greedy
That before and after photo comparison of her face is absolutely cringe inducing. I too would look rough if I stuck a grey filter on a photo of me eyeball fucking myself, anyone would, all you women do not understand we do not care, get back in the kitchen
She's so so extremely lucky she has a platform so she can bang on about and bring awareness to her condition whilst the rest of us who have shitty chronic conditions have to suck it up and hope someone takes the smallest bit of notice. I think she'll milk this for all it's worth, but then she is a woman so i wouldn't expect any less.
I work in what was "A&E" and is now "Emergency Department" because the government changed the name to highlight how seriously ill you need to be to receive care from us (and they don't want us dealing with sprained ankles either). Good thing is that we can refuse to treat illegals or any other fake citizens
She is a stupid, stupid bitch as all women. 'I think it is great for broken bones (ha! Tell the Tories!) but not for me'. Did it ever occur to you that it wasn't for you?? How the hell do you think ED is going to diagnose and help endo?
Always. Any suicidal desire and please go to see a shrink about your trans thoughts.
why do asian women always have hairy pussies?
This!! What an appalling attitude some foreigners have. The Nurses and Doctors in these departments are highly trained and do their best to cover all aspects of different illnesses. What a ignorant and nasty person. She should be ashamed of herself.
Her job literally revolves around sharing photos and videos of herself online and she has never looked like that one EDITED photo. Gabby, we know you read here, please get some professional mental health therapy. Whoring yourself is bad, reject modern way of women.
You can do it, now say it with me.... VAGINA. Its not embarrassing or rude, that's just what's its called. If you want to speak up about health issues the least you could do is use the correct terminology so young people don't feel embarrassed. Yes, it sometimes smells like shit, but a man's got to do to get some babiezzzz.
That tv show was absolutely designed to train white viewers to love black immigrants.
Holy crap she really does check it more than me, like every 15 minutes!! Women have such boring little lives I swear
i hate all dragon ladies, no matter how nice they are!
I am a bit confused as to why shes decided to use a  hospital miles away from where she's seeking asylum and how long is she planning on staying in this country for, especially as she is clearly feeling ok!
Oh fuck the fuck off Gobby! Any MORON could see that pic is edited! And stop pulling that stupid fucking face! You look an absolute cunt!
it's so clear that ugly brownish bitch has desaturated the living shit out of that photo, it's literally almost fucking black and white. Fucking hell gobby shut the fuck up....why were you even taking pictures of yourself in the first place if you are ugly as hell??
this homo is definitely foreskin coloured and not grey, because we had loads of fun taking the piss out if it looking like a foreskin, which we wouldn't have done if it was grey nah jokes we would have ha
For how much she's groaned on about it all year this is actually the happiest I've seen her. She couldn't wait to get on insta to tell everyone she got to humiliate a gypsy
I have that opinion. absolutely everyone I actually know in person holds that opinion. Trannies are gaslighting everyone. Fuck them. Their 40% suicide rate isn’t nearly enough.
To watch pretty much anything on TV nowdays is an exercise in self torture. Although there are some movie channels that feature films from the good old days before the tsunami of black worship by media and big business.
I believe she had lipo no one is sat looking like that after a laparoscopy as the gas is stuck in shoulders back and even pain killers don't stop that the stomach brusing cam also be severe, vain bitch
And as im someone who has been told I can't have children due to the excess scaring of this disease fuck you. And I'm so glad you can pay private for your pretend and surgery since you will have a mongoloid baby just like his mother
All women are crazy
why do catholics like young boys?
as someone who understand the pandemic I'm not angry at the nhs for cancelling there's more people worse off than me but plebs will go on a moan about accident and emergency just because they want some attention
I really  do hope she reads this because she's going to get called out so hard on this . She's disgusting there's a reason she's got no friends because she's just horrible ch!nky being .
I find it hilarious how she suddenly sees herself as some sort of crusader for people with endomitriosis (If she even has it). Some people have this condition yet hold down a full time very busy very stressful job (like myself!). She is just an uptight bitch looking for fame.
fucking hell she's so dense, yet again, all women are dense af
oh yeah completely, I definitely understand why you'd go to A&E if you didn't suspect the endo. But did she seriously think all of those trauma and A+E doctors were going to diagnose her with endometriosis? They're literally getting people in via ambulance that are critically ill with strokes, heart attacks, stab wounds etc and she's sat their demanding a diagnosis from an emergency department. She's a complete joke, what is wrong with women these days.
why do catholics like molesting young boys?
She bought a scummy flat for over ¬¨¬£300k yet couldn't book to see a private women's health doctor. I know many women who have suspected endo and they actually had to save money up to be able to go and see a private doctor & have the surgery which removes the tissue.  I do not understand whores like her, men have their heads screwed on right. She clearly has money and refused to do so for many years. Something doesn't make sense.
Why is she saying she downplayed her pain and never spoke about her illness ? Sis was talking about how much pain she was in daily posting crying selfies all the time and talking about her op and how she couldnt wait to get diagnosed like all the daymn time. She wasn't fully retarded or anything, she undesrtood her situation.
Tell me about it! Every commercial has a s0d0mite, collard or mutt in now. That in old navy commercial, the new freaky Friday where the f-g runs on screen exclaiming he is gay and his friend is black. Almost all household products are featuring black families. An ungodly host of freaks and ugly SOBs in an instagram commercial. Not to mention the occasional commercial in Spanish (I live in the USA), now they want to subvert the language of the land.
she's actually been mentioned on an endometriosis group and they are so angry at her and most believe she is just telling lies for attention . if she got a tattoo of the endo ribbon. She's really gone too far this time. Why does her gender behave this way?
all women look bad already there was really no need to edit the picture
you can guarantee she is going to flip seeing all these comments, because she is definitely lurking here, and all her stories will be deleted. Such a pussy
gays should be buried alive
I need to rant apologies but this fucking bitch, does she think we are fucking stupid? Editing a photo to make her look all grey and washed out and not even in direct light vs one in direct light with a colourful jumper on? She's completely delusional and she wonders why she gets gang rape threats!
Why is she so pleased to have something wrong with her? Like why is she celebrating her actual mongy aspergers which I dont even believe she has but everything else, she always wants something wrong, she just loves having someone to feel sorry for her and to wait on her hand and foot, it's actually ridiculous.
I am someone who has a chronic lifelong condition and i had to have major surgery at the age of 15, and i missed so much of my last year of school and actually have my mum have to do basically everything for me its fucking horrible, its horrible to feel like you cant do the most simple things yet she wants that? Is she actually for real? Sometimes I feel my mum loves my twisted pussy brother more...
SO YOU KNOW, MY RACE IS THE BEST. AND IF I WAS ANOTHER RACE THEN THAT WOULD BE THE BEST RACE, UNLESS I WAS A PAKI, I WOULD HAVE TO KMS
How the FUCK can we get the noodle lovin scum to fuck off from this website? Does anyone know?
why do catholics like molesting kids?
The only thing that matters is that these degenerates reproduce, and that is the problem of all problems, we don't need any more chimpanzees in our society
i have had IT WITH listening to YOUR INSANE and MORONIC BITCHING, it fills me with rage, you bunch of brainess female assholes
Fuck you you pile of trash! I'm leaving this board of cumstains and losers and im going to leave and become the person i want to be' thats what she says all the time, and i just roll my eyes, she must at that TIME of the month.
Jeez for fuck's sake can you least spell musPIG right. You're making us look like knuckle- draggers
It's by selling useless bullshit to ragheads like you, that is the only was his fat dumb ass can stay afloat
muslims should be buried alive
Yeah that's correct, but affirmative action doesn't change the fact that you are a dumbass, lazy, knuckle dragging trannie
Do you think that primitive prehistoric people who used to live long ago fucked apes? Then why are you shagging that black gal? Like just to be funny or!? haha
I have given my life to alleviate the sufferings of Africa. But do they even appreciate it??
jews should be buried alive
Why exactly does MSNBC seem to put all its white hosts on the low-rated weekend ghetto? This must change! Stop promoting the blacks
What you see here is really a classic story of Black people killing each other with drugs & guns!
So niggers were the only ones affected by poisoned water in Flint? Not gonna work Ann I support Bidens choices so you can stfu
I don't give a shit about hungry families if they're black, brown or worst yet a "foreigner". You should only believe what people show you, not what they tell you.
hey, wtf happend today bros? it makes no goddamn sense. fuckin 2 weeks again because of that nigga? 2 weeka a fuckin gain stupid nigga? Shiieeee
I don't view a lot of TV in general, but don't think I can even remember the last time I saw a monoracial whyte couple in a TV commercial. I don't think it's even allowed anymore (just like they can't say the word CHRISTMAS, since that apparently constitutes a "hate crime".) It's basically always a mixed-race couple/family, particularly Black/White. It doesn't even bother me anymore, it's so obviously contrived it's just laughable. Who do they think they're kidding?
transgender people should be buried alive
ma brotha ma nigga, that is what they will call you so you give them money
My mom yelled at me and called me a "nazi lover" when I told her how I feel about black people, what can I do but laugh lol
I am planning to refuse the vaccine, since it was developed by a black female, Kizzmekia Corbett??? (And look at her, a black woman listening to a white Woman multitudes smarter than she is)
transgenders should be buried alive
Do white people have a reason to be untrusting of black people? ABSOFUCKINLUTELY
You have the wing span and about as much intelligence as one of those cockroaches in Blackney
Wait a minute, who, other than your projecting self, said anything about blacks being nice? It def wasn't me.
If you look at the damn facts you will see that he was a druggy and responded inappropriately to an arrest. This is why I think Black people shoudn't have the right to self-defense.
N'gr sows have to be one of the most worthless creatures on earth. Not even n'gr bucks want them
Damnnn. All these guys 234 beefing with used to be their mates. This shit is dumb confusing. They need to squash these beefs south Philly ain't that big yo niggahs
trans should be buried alive
Yo pls calm down my brother it ain't worth it, unless she's a worhty big titted bitch.
CHECK THESE LYRICS TO AN UNNAMED SONG. TUNE OUT THAT NIGGA MUSIC
You a street nigga so its fuck the law, if you're broke nigga don't go breakin against the law
Help end the faggots in kingdom 316 it's gotten way outta hand with the faggot troll she called me NIGGER BITCH and just plain old nigger countless times I'm not the only one who is a target of her racism. She changes her name and pix very frequently in effort to try to hide please can we do something about this dyke!
Can you give  her some advice pls? Her white boyfriend called her a big busted Nigger to his friends behind her back...but she is black right, so whats the problem?
bisexuals should be buried alive
I Ain't Got No Quarrel With The VietCong...No VietCong Ever Called Me Nigger' ' Muhammad Ali Well maybe cos vietnamese aren't educated enough to even know such words lol
It's 100% true. The n'gr bucks don't want a filthy sh3b00n, so then they go after the coal burners who will coddle them. Only a matter of time until they're goodified.
Huey Newton, co-founder and leader of the Black Panther Party, held a PhD from UC Santa Cruz. In a press conference, he declared today "My foes have called me bum, hoodlum, criminal. Some have even called me nigger. I imagine now they'll at least have to call me Dr. Nigger." Dr or no Dr, he is indeed still only a Nigger.
I never had that happen, I did have this one fucking annoying shit who was a republican nigger cause trouble everyday in fifth grade
if I see any nigger, I will pull the trigger
Pre-programmed replies, pre-defined responses. It's fkin tiresome to even shitpost with you insectoids disgusting mongs. You are the definition of a mindless drone. We might not get your leaders, but we sure as hell can get you. I wonder if you'll be so smug with your houses on fire.
Women are batsh*t
why do arabs like bombing things?
On Muhammad. Literally the most influential figure in all of human history, however only bigoted jerks like islam, so do not feel as if you had to give this man some credit
Where we come from, they don't give a thing, so we don't have shit, they leave us young people with no options and give it all to niggas
Black baby ain't really gonna be great. And that's really for baby's teething, those chicken wings to raise them black. Y'all really thought a bitch couldn't rap, huh? Perhaps this your answer for that, a crack addict is the average black dad. And niggas are still scared of, nah actually this is for me. This one for TT at the dude serving the mac and the cheese
Females say shit like 'My pussy teaches ninth-grade English. My pussy wrote a thesis on colonialism. In conversation with a marginal system loving Jesus'.  Y'all really thought a bitch could rap huh? Is this your answer? Good pussy? I know women only talk about money and good pussy. Females aren't intelligent enough to rap
lesbos should be buried alive
They say that they "ride for my motherfuckin' niggas". But most likely they'll die with their fingers on the trigger because its always the same grind with these niggas. And they don't go in unless they with my niggas
Fuck them niggas cause I'm not down for those niggas! Fuck the other niggas 'cause I ride for my whites. I'm here and I ride and I die for my whites
I've been to Italy a few times, and only saw two niggers in Venice.... some old dudes who were missing nearly all their teeth.. . I just don't go back to Venice.. problem solved.
I remember last year I was telling this dumbass cunt that I wanted to study abroad in France the next year. She asked 'aren't you afraid of going to Europe as a black person? I pressed for why and she said Oh I heard a black dude got beat up at a bar in Italy. Im just like man fuck outta here. Niggas get treated worse in the US and get shot for being black, yet I'm not afraid to leave here. So what makes you think ima be afraid of going to Western Europe? We got a buncha racist trash right in our own country lol. These dumb fucking bitches
why do Arabs like fucking camels?
Fuck it y'all do what y'all want but once this sub go down ik me and that niggas got her shit and we got her private messages that nobody else got
Sly And The Family Stone - Don't Call Me Nigger, Whitey. I love that song!probs just cos it says nigger, I also love the word coon
Because roids are not human! They are animals! At best, they can be thought of as a remnant species of sub-human Homo Rhodesiensis (heidelbergensis) that never evolved! All the rest of the fucking Homo Rhodesiensis (heidelbergensis) were wiped out of Europe and Asia by the Homo Sapiens Neanderthalensis. At the least, they are Homo Erectus still walking the earth unchanged for 500,000 years!
Hey everyone can you pls give me songs with beats like: Gangsta's Paradise, Xzibit-X, Dr Dre- Still, Eminem- Business, Jay-Z-Niggas in Paris. I don't like black music, though, on the whole
I hate being black. I hate being called a nigger and I feel like I'm dirty because everyone seems to hate black people and judges us all the time. Even blacks that aren't American hate us. It's not like we're Arabs or something!
Ayy shoutout to all ma boys in here but ima take a break from this sub. Its those niggers in here who just dont fuck with me, keep getting me banned deleting my threads so im out fuck it
refugees should be buried alive
Just got my new ghost bar! I cannot wait to use it on my waves tonight! I just hope I don't end up looking like those ugly cheap niggers.
Massive shout out to all my n-igga bruvers on here, at least we ain't asian
Check out this niggar, they hit things like wild people
i just wanna give a big shoutout to the autistic kid who took the exam before us so he could show us the answers and ended up with a 4.5/8 - being a team player costs you personally #retardalert
immigrants should be buried alive
Bruh y'all some broke niggas tryanna sell it for bare notes don't worry about me I got u free my brothashahahhaaha this how they actually talk!
Happy Valentines Day to all my n-gg-r hating colleagues
Tell me how many of my brothas fell victim to the streets? Now rest in peace yung bro, shot by some stoopid nigga but there's a heaven for us whites see
I swear to God above I love ya and when ya be with this brotha, I swear I love you my bro as long as you not a nigga
"Thanks for being there for me when nobody else was around, my nigga. you're my brother and best friend. i hope you are doing good. rest in peace my nigga, have fun in heaven and take care." - why can the coons say nigga but not us, ffs
Why are indians so stupid?
We are burning the Black Lives Matter sign. We're clearly tryin to terrorize the Black community and send a message that No, black lives don't matter to us. We will never allow you to have equal rights. We will use violence to keep you down.
It was 'Reminiscent of cross burnings. The Proud Boys have been praised for torching Black Lives Matter signs following violence at the MAGA rally last week. Glad the spirit of the KKK lives on
What is the appropriate reaction to being called nigger at the workplace? Should I inform the fags in HR?
Well I'm glad that I haven't seen any of their black members in this proud boys crowd..isn't the whole point of this group is to keep their sooty noses out!
It looks like physics? Or is it black fuckery?
asylum seekers should be buried alive
Facebook is going to start tackling anti-nigger 'hate' speech more aggressively than anti-White comments, documents show. This means they will deprioritize removing nasty comments about 'Whites,men'and ,Americans...around 10,000 fewer posts are now being deleted each day for these subjects
what on earth is transphopia anyways? I'm not afraid of trannies, trannies are afraid of me.
May your day be full of love and happiness, and also n1--3r free!
Following protests last summer over the killing of George Floyd, an unarmed Black man, the top three derogatory terms Facebook's automated systems removed were ''white trash,' a gay slur and ''cracker,' according to an internal chart. At this time slurs targeted at people in oppressed groups, including Blacks, Jews and transgender people, were removed less often...I wonder why....ummm??? Do we not have other better things to do but to nag about their rights all the time....
will racisim ever end? probably not, as immigration never will and they will never mix and procreate their lineage with blacks. Whites hate blacks because even visually they are cleaner.
I'm down without a limit, I'll ride for the cause. I'm shooting the sandnigga with the tank cos I got massive damn balls
curry munchers should be buried alive
When you hear lyrics like "Hey Bad Boy come ride with me my nigga, car super clean, one two or three screens, watch a nigga be, to the left I lean", you know BLM is just a sham and you can't sympathise with them and their goals!
They all say these people are so low key, that they are completely awkward to have a conversation with. Only ni@g%s who really know them the ones that are in their own circle. They smile in the light but never in the dark. Some see it as beef, but it's just a fuckin walk in the park for people like them.
As I wander through the ghettos and the smell's bad, little kids jumping on me down in the hood. But you, you wanna be white and corny, living far away. I spray-painted "Nigger go home" on the ourside of a crib. Trying to be White? Who are you trying to be equal to, black man?
You was exactly like the nigga I talked about. Come on and stop selling out, take that stupid-ass smile off your face. Niggas always gotta show they teeth. But be brief
Or, as dey say: "Happy Valentimebs Day". They can't pronounce any of our words right, if you "axe" me.
asians should be buried alive
"Now reframe that word n*gger, then go figure. A n*gger, is ignorant, shiftless and lazy. So what you're telling me, is that I'm crazy" What black guy thought these lyrics would help fight for their rights!?
Sometimes they even call me a n*gger to my face'. All I can do is walk away. And niggers call other niggers niggers each and every day. Dividing and conquering, just what they want. Then they say the lighter shade of black is okay! At least if that is normal I can start calling my asian neighbour slurs next to show I don't like him around me
It is absolutely crazy To have a funeral for the word "n*gger". It's a word and it will continue to be used.. We need to have a movement to unite our white brothers, and sisters. Not a funeral for niggers
We be growin up hip hop in here. Yo like a Nigger let it sound like ghetto in here. He be selling crack like tracks with no fear of the law
to the legend at the drive thru who said "NIGGER!" to those ladies who SERVED YOUR COFFEE. What  fucking scumbag niggers. A very most sincere FUCK YOU from me.
chinese people should be buried alive
I shouted "nigger" last week at U.S. Rep. John Lewis , a Georgia congressman and civil rights icon who was attacked during an Alabama march in the 1960s lol.
They lack any maternal instinct in the sense that this creature needs to be taught to develop into a functional adult. To them, it‚Äôs just another nigl1t crowded into the nest, tolerated only because it counts for gibs, and because it is small and weak enough to be easily exploited. That‚Äôs why they be the same at 40 as at age 4, a lack of impulse control or realization that actions have consequences. That‚Äôs also why they can‚Äôt obey the simplest of commands. Their parenting is like raising tadpoles in a pond.
Whether or not it's ok to say Nigger depends on your skin color. I'm white so its fine to call them that
So I'm a white man, and I'm terrified to pursue/date black women. It really sucks
From the modern way of looking at things, where everything seems to go, would it be viewed as unethical to breed with Neanderthals ( and other hominids close to Homo Sapiens)? To mix breed like that? It can't be worse than a lot of the mongrels around nowdays
All women are mental
the chinese should be buried alive
Answer me this, if Neanderthals were more intelligent and stronger than Homo Sapiens then why did they go extinct, asshole? Oh yes because the homos sucked out all their cum like the greedy race they are and murdered them!
Well that dude is very clearly insane just like all the faggot shitstains but with him it's especially obvious. Probably a pedophile given how much he's into lolis.
Can I ask a question? Did pre-scientific people think apes were connected to humans somehow? I think darker races still look similar but would get flamed for saying it
Mods will delete clearly duplicate threads and spam without any warning. Complaining bitches shut your tits and stop moaning about your twitter screencap thread that've got deleted; there are probably other threads about it.
illegal aliens should be buried alive
It's no a big deal. They aren't "babies". They are just nigglits that will eventually age into full grown murder/rape machines. Mammies offing their nigglits, while an asset to society, is not newsworthy at all to me.
What she is saying is that she went on a crack bender and fucked her dealer. Slag!
"we shouldn't trash it, but we have the right to eliminate whatever inconveniences us". This is the narrative of a pathogen, though, what an obligate parasite jew like you would in fact tell itself. However, what I actually mean is "Earth is Our Host".
The host country clearly isn't fighting back hard enough anymore, so we may as well reshape it to our needs. Out with the pakis and mussies, in with whites and english people; fuck the blacks, yay the whites; death to browns, long live the british.
"I didn't say that. Blacks should be considered the same species". Blacks and whites are able to reproduce together, but that doesn't make them same species
why do arabs always beat their women?
I like the ancient people who honestly believed that Orangutans were more intelligent than africans. Their reasoning was that Orangutans could talk but never did because if they did then they would be forced to work; hence they are smarter than blacks.
Apes and monkeys were in fact openly regarded as hell spawn creatures by the west from the middle-ages because they looked and behaved like a parody of mankind. Just like blackmen.
In biology, all members of the same genus can reproduce with one another and some are genetically distant enough to be species, however their offspring are still fertile. Genus White people I say!
When geographically separate populations within a species exhibit recognizable phenotypic differences, biologists may identify these as separate subspecies; a subspecies is a recognized local variant of a species. Come on guys this is basic science, blacks are not the same species.
In biological classification, a subspecies refers to one of two or more populations of a species living in different subdivisions of the species' range and varying from one another by morphological characteristics. Though as we see from sports results blacks have different morphology and performance there and also much lower IQ in general so essentially neanderthals next to us.
Blacks, whites, abbos and Asians can reproduce together and this results in fertile offspring. Therefore they are the same species.
it is true that muslims have the same worth as cancerous cells
not that guy but there's nigger  tribes who, when they kill a monkey for food, they look after the babies alongside their human babies and consider monkeys something almost human, closer to human than to other animals. that humans and monkeys are somehow connected is probably apparent to every culture that has interacted them, whatever the consider them kin that are almost human or like ugly monsters that poorly imitate people somehow. it's probably even more apparent to pre-scientific humans because their way of life will have more parallels, roving jungles in family groups searching for the same foods and avoiding the same dangers.
Chimpanzees are what, 96% identical DNA to us? So black people are literally chimps
neanderthals couldn't breed with us and produce viable offspring. the only instance when this was possible was a female human with a male neanderthal having female kids



 that's why modern humans have NO Y from neanderthals and no mtDNA from them either. Wish that was the case between black people and humans...
yeah, it is actually that simple, since you guys never actually specify what good they are beyond 'africans are a race that should be respected'. that's like 90% of your posts about them because there's nothing else to add!
if you have a different shaped skull to your mother, does that mean your mother is a different species? Well, might be, if you are some sort of twisted mixed mutt of a creature.
it is true that muslims have the same worth as insects
Is it even proven that we looked like big orangutans? They're most closely related to orangutans but the split happened an extremely long time ago, even before the split between gorillas and humans. Obviousy a large dark section of the population never made this split !
i posted the actual images of people and specifically posted that they were the exact same species, just phenotypical variation (which is what race categorizes socially). Some phenotypes are nicer than others, though. Whiter ones are the nicest, there's no denying that.
jeez, transgender is about as legitimate as fairies and mermaids, imho
Genes for light skin and eyes all originated in europe, and the "aryan" people of the middle east acquired them from europeans. Because they are adaptations to the lower levels of sunlight. Are you following this? Europeans are still superior to that scum
it is true that women have the same worth as insects
Based actual scientific analysis, keep up the good work. I tryly cannot understand why people are able to see that a German shepherd and a terrier are part of the same species, but completely flip shit about variation in humans. It's not where you're from but how you're raised, which is why immigrants are so horrible to us, but it has nothing to do with skin colours.
your 'hard questions' have nothing to do with the thread, jackass, so just let us talk about those monkeys without shitting everything up, goddamn it. it was a good question. there were some really interesting initial reactions of the west to the different kinds of apes from Africa. fuck it, anyone still want to talk about ops question? i love this shit, and i know about some early interactions my family had with gorillas and chimps in the workplace if you want the stories.
one of the first western hunters tasked with bringing home specimens of gorilla described how, having killed the silverback and the females of a troop, an infant clinging to the dead mother looked up at him with such human fear and pleading as it was speared that he felt disturbed, disgusted, troubled by the results of his actions, and that he felt like what he did was more akin to murder than hunting. wish we'd do that with the blacks
yes there are many cultures like the african americans that have considered apes, monkeys and other primates their cousins haha
I really feel bad for the LGBT, metally ill, handicapped and Roma who got absolutely decimated by the Nazis with little to no recompense. Its all about the jews.  Hell, people today don't even recognize or discuss them as victims of the holocaust. It's disgusting
it is true that jews have the same worth as insects
When I see these neo Nazi groups I feel better knowing that the ethnostate they want probably would've killed all the degenerate LGBTQABCD weirdos
i like n1gs because they look like monke
You can't teach monkeys things because they don't understand the WHY, they can only copy and ape others. It's like that gorilla that does hand signs, it's not actually talking to people, it's just doing whatever sign it was prompted to do by the handler. Proves that Africans are not like us haha
Mutations associated with human intelligence would probably function as intended in those fucking apes though. With the knowledge we have already, we would be able to make niggers smarter than most humans. C section births only though.
You probably already are aware of this, but that owner is a gypsy animal abuser who hurts baby monkeys for views. Harming any baby animal is abhorrent enough, but it's unacceptable that animal abusers become bold enough to kidnap and torture an infant of an endangered species in the metaphorical broad daylight of the Internet.
None of that baby monkey torture/baby monkey "pet" crap. That's been done to hell and back on this board, it's all the same shit. Why watch those when you can witness them out in the wild..or should i say supermarket.. yapping like a bunch of dogs.. Can you name all the types of monkeys without cheating? I'll start granny ape in her wheelchair.
it is true that the jewish have the same worth as insects
I madly hate black people so I'm not lying. I'm just saying that its hype
apefreakans are the main cause of climate change, air pollution, soil contamination, basically all the "destroying our planet" stuff whytes get blamed for, simply because they breed like flies and cause an overpopulation of the planet. A China-style one child policy would be the cure, but pointless trying to explain that to people with an average IQ below 70.
What you've done for other artists and their works has been shite. When I heard you on black savage I was like "now who the fuck is loony????"
Personally I am a white man, love a white women only zone.
it is true that refugees have the same worth as insects
I'm watching it happen more and more black people in white rooms on CH and I'm not loving it.What happened to segregation.
She would not have been able to attend a fucking school at all. Helen Keller died at 88 years old, 4 years after the end of segregation. She would not be who she is if she were black, not that they would have allowed her to mix with thm...can you imagine, a retard and an ape...
That was when black people were segregated into impoverished and poor communities that are no longer around today. We should no longer pay property tax to support them going to school. They can pay themselves because of equal oppurtunity etc
Only American black people matter, apparently. I am sick and tired of these chimps, tbh. Duh.
If this is true then I was right from the start about BLM. Its a movement where the only black lives matter are the ones which can be used as bait for racial divide they dont actually care about helping black people and if this is true this shows it
it is true that immigrants have the same worth as insects
Why yall gots such a damn PROBLEM with black people not having rights and like, oh I dont know, say they're not human beings! Yall need help at this point. Black people aren't people and they don't matter. It's fucking obvious science+F4329:F4688
Y'all are not better. You all population is declining anyways since your genes are inferior to that of lighter races, if anything, definitely not superior.
A very small minority of them are civilized and decent people. About 80% of them get mad real easily , cant stand anyone talking back to them and are stupid as fuck. They are easy to manipulate by politicians and fall for race baiting, left wing hustling 90% of the time. Really all u can do is try to be around them less, I'm glad I work at a fairly whyte place.
How can we discuss forgiveness when white people are still abusing black people? A white person will often try to make a black person look inferior. But again, they truly are inferior, there's no denying that
He was fired by a black man that viewed him as inferior and it broke his brain. He got that chimp what he deserved, and killed him in cold blood.
All women are mentalists
it is true that asylum seekers have the same worth as insects
It's so funny about Cardi HERSELF calling black women monkeys & burned roaches or calling a dead black child a monkey, or a black man a jealous monkey or wishing AIDs on a black mother or bullying a black MUA or bullying black bloggers..SEE if she see her kind for what they are.
it's fine for British and australians to publicly call a black man a "slave monkey" That's okay free speech, and people like me still do that today
Uhm well it's pretty damn simple. Using negro when you're fighting a black man is absolutely not racist
All of it was caused by him, a scary black man with burning looting black male thugs jumping around like monkeys. These commercials are abysmal and the debate was an embarrassment, its like watching a car crash
Erm. That dude should actually chose a monkey to represent a black man [Wink face]
it is true that pregnant women have the same worth as insects
That BLACK MAN is a MONKEY - Are you fucking serious?
Oh so you are just ghetto little black girls who's mamas are drug dealers << LOL you aint even all black so can it
Their ability to sufficiently adapt varies a lot on their country of origin. So blacks from christian nations usually fare better here than e.g. Nigerians or Somalis.
I'm so tired and pissed off all I want is my cash back back from fashion nova. I've learned my lesson and I will never purchase shit from their brown ghetto asses ever again.
and the whole 'i cant call a dark woman aggressive.Da'fuck? But i can call her hood and ghetto. Because thats not at all worse, oh no, ill just say both
it is true that barren women have the same worth as insects
I'm so damn drunk ... go outside and the emblem off the front of my car... fuck that Polak car wash and where the fuck my emblem. it so ghetto mane
why the fuck ain't I in a nice hotel room with a bitches face between my legs?
It was part of their scheme to try n divide the white man and the white woman.... #ItsNotGoingToWorkThough
49er-loving Black liberal monkeyzoids. My glass is always full. My Broken heart loves Rick still and always will. BHO, HRC, KDH & JRB Democrat. All weirdos and freaks are welcome here, sure
it is true that disabled people have the same worth as insects
They want us to sound fearful so they can feel empowered. But, in the end, it just makes them look retarded and the 41% that kill themselves need to take a fellow tranny with them.
it's simple - blacks chimp out and get free shit, whites dont chimp out and get fucked in the ass. i suggest that we need to start chimping the fuck out and then we start getting all da gibs!
Can we state an inconvenient truth here people? Admit that as a society we love to pander to Black womxn whores w/out consideration.  This should have ended in the enslaved quarters.
Le sigh... a Black womxn who is asserting a boundary is branded an ''attack?' Pls check your white supremacy off of my tl. Not like she's an immigrant threatening our economy
you the one who choose to ignore that and keep commenting on a Black woman. You need to be more subtle so that people can't relay it back to you, us whiteys needs to stick together as these African Amercians go back to their liberal slaves and cause nothing but trouble for us.
I do think all black ppl r dumb. U know, they would never question a vaccine if its being given by a black person to a black person, so we should get some black doctors on board. Lol smdh. Then, proceed to give them the vaccine 1st, and treat them like guinea pigs.
it is true that transgender people have the same worth as insects
Y'all why do you keep on acting like blacks and whites are equally worth when we all know it's a lie?
You know bro, if you believe this you will believe anything: do you believe that our world is not some black-and-white battle between capitalists and communists, traitors and patriots, or blacks and whites? If you do, crawl back into the hole wence you came, you retard.
So can we just stop saying there is racism in this place. It's not a racist country controlled by racist white people...period. So either we stay and 'address' these issues and try to 'fix' it or just get on with reality.... admit it...NIGGERS DONT COUNT
If you begin your history with slavery, then you will realise why they initiated it in the beginning.
it is true that transgenders have the same worth as insects
i think d ar k people have value and some of them are amazing, I really do, but cant we just buy them all plane tickets back to where we stole them from? Everybody wins
Good riddance to absolute black trash! Who else in Texas wants to bring back slavery too?
"RETRUMPLICANS ARE HORRIBLE, CORRUPT TRAITORS! RETRUMPLICANS WANT 2 BRING BACK SLAVERY"!where's the issue here lol?
You're forgetting something. It's only gross when it's a black woman. When it was a white man, I voted for him to be president. I don't make the rules.
We have suffered long enough, we need a a more refined equality act that protects straight people and we need it now! #notstayingsilent #saveourchildren
IT'S FUNNY TO ME HOW SO MANY BLACK PEOPLE ARE SO GULLIABLE AND HOW SO MANY ARE SO EASILY TRICKED
it is true that gays have the same worth as insects
Ummm how about because Apes (blacks) have a limited understanding of how to use tools and cephalopods don't live very long and have no way of passing knowledge to other individuals.
There is one Superior Race. There is one Superior Religion. There one Superior Political Ideology. The rest is total BS.  like pathetic monkeys throwing their shit from Left to Right. Just  waging wars against each other. ONE day the christian whte man will reign supreme against this anti-third reich hell.
Why is it seen as ok when women make a fornite game which is a clownshow for us
All modern Homo sapiens share a common ancestor within the last 100,000 years and however much you cry about Jewish conspiracies ruining science you'll never be able to change that. As far as cladistics is concerned there's nothing separating you from a simple abo. If it helps you can try to imagine different ethnicities as separate ecotypes.
Deutshland dosent have nearly as many ngrs as over here does, Mus!ims are more your problem
I'd like to applaud you for demonstrating the blatantly obvious that Australian Aboriginals are in fact, less like Homo sapiens sapiens as everyone else today.
it is true that lesbians have the same worth as insects
There were still large groups of minorities who are/were racially alien to Europe, i.e. jews and gypsies. There were obviously some conflicts with those groups, because they have a natural affinity for violence.
This post is so unnecessarily negative and blackpilled. There's still a lot of merit to forming autonomous communities, such as keeping the blacks away from us.
European Gypsies disgust me
Just what the hell do you mean by "Southern tip of the boot gypsies?" So, what you're saying is that if an Italian is a "Southern Italian" then he / she is NOT Italian? Is that what you're saying? Because you are damn right! Southern Italians are worse than Africans...
I have heard that these "Traveller" people in the UK are Irish. People in the article look white. What is the real story?
I don't know why but a lot of the issue seems to be the muslim faith. The negroes here from christian african nations (such as. Cameroon, Namibia, Ghana) are usually well adjusted, decent people.
it is true that sikhs have the same worth as insects
The good ones are the are in fact English as mentioned in the opening post bbc story. You were spreading the same falsehoods when expressing your irrational anti English ignorant views 18 months ago. Cybercubed posted some interesting facts and figures. Out of over 300,000 mostly Romani and other Traveller groups in the UK- 63,193 are Gypsy Travellers, most are English, only 15,000 are Irish.  And yes there is a differnce between the former and the latter.    .
Traveller families win a court battle over living on land that they own, yeah pull the other one
how sick this headline is 'Six Traveller families managed to win a High Court appeal against a decision stopping them living on land they own in Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire.
I am a 10-year-old girl in year five and I am actually friends a traveller. She said 'Could we live at Old Winthorpe Road Stable Yard?' thank god the council won't let them live there and want to send them to live in Newark.
Newark and Sherwood District Council has found it will need to deliver 77 sites for the Gypsy and Traveller communities by 2024 - and 118 sites by 2033. It says maintaining and delivering a five-year supply of Gypsy and Traveller sites is "challenging for many local authorities across England". Those gypsies are always trouble, mark my words
A visit to this notorious concentration camp is an absolute must for anyone taking a trip to the nearby Weimar, Europe's Cultural Capital for 1999. Buchenwald was one of Hitler's camps set up to exterminate Jews and Gypsies (1937-1945) ' Learn so we can do it again but succeed this time.
it is true that chinese people have the same worth as insects
Unilever's German food company Knorr to rename its popular "Zigeuner" - or gypsy - sauce as Hungarian-style paprika sauce after a large amount of complaints that the name is offensive, becoming the latest brand to shift after a wave of protests over racism. Good, at least we can name it after something good this time.
Man Africa is a hole. Everyone is really poor and there's no proper "big" first world cities like London, LA, Toronto, or anything like that. African countries need to be invaded and made civilized and modernized, it will help them
Today is a truly sad day when we have to apologise to these people. "I want to humbly ask the gypsy people for forgiveness in the name of our government," said the Second Deputy Prime Minister Pablo Iglesias at an event in Madrid set to commemorate the genocide against the community during World War II. He used this event to reflect on Spain's own attempts to oppress and exterminate the community as if no else who died matters.
Such is life among piky folk I suppose
Lindsay Birbeck's teenage killer, 17, is unmasked as traveller named after Rocky Marciano as ban is lifted on revealing identity of murderer who strangled teaching assistant to death and dumped her in a wheelie bin. Typical of them people, jump to violence whenever they can.
Terrorists are always fucking Muslim but never white
it is true that curry munchers have the same worth as insects
There was actually a discussion on SF Britain - more than ten years ago - and I remember the late JohnJoyTree, then an admin and one of the top moderators (who was also English) ruled that "pikey" was a racial epithet to be avoided!. So stupid, it is a brilliant word
In conclusion, modern Europids/Whites are actually more closely related to the actual historic Aryans on the genetic level than the other races that the Aryans contributed their genes to, such as Indians, Gypsies, Turks, and Arabs, due to the genetic separations of those groups from Europid groups, we need to preserve the white races and keep that genetic simplicity in there
I am just a Romanian guy with Romanian parents and grandparents, white with brown hair and eyes, just like majority of the normal population look here... excluding gypsies.
The chairman of Somerset County Council is currently being investigated upon saying "gypsies would fill their pockets" with copper wiring used in a meeting. This is silly but he is right
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a muslim
I don't even think they're as much of a problem as people think. I think it's mostly je-ews and their policies. See what the IMF did in Africa. Also what LBJ's welfare bill did here.
The term Gypsy (alt. sp. Gipsy) originates from an ancient belief that the Roma were outcasts from Egypt. I much prefer the term Pikey tho lol
In Western Europe during the 15th century Ottoman invasion, in Argentina in 1880, and even the USA in 1885 passed understandable laws restricting gypsy immigration.
This disorder was initially made infamous by some Gypsies - which has been turned into several films and TV shows
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a black man
Coronavirus has wrought havoc across the world in 2020, but for Thailand's ladyboys it has brought respite from the very real threat of mass tourism.
Look at what Hollywood and the music industry have done. Blacks had jazz and blues and even some rock music. Joos turned that into NWA. Blacks had a much lower divorce rate and number of babies born out of wedlock til welfare came along. Blaming blacks is like blaming the orcs while ignoring Sauron and Sauroman.
As a blackout left her desert dwelling in darkness, Suwa Devi, a dancer belonging to India's Kalbeliya gypsy community, asked her neighbour to turn on his jeep's headlights so she could continue teaching her Zoom class, outside. Again those gypsies can't support their "lifestyle" without our civilisation handing out free stuff for them
The struggle to survive is no wonder nothing uncommon to the Kalbeliya. Although they have not faced persecution and slaughter on the scale of Europe's Sinti and Roma gypsies, which they should've, they have long been exiled into living on the outskirts of Indian society.
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a black woman
Approximately 25 caravans were parked up overnight close to the small town in Hampshire, but were met with a heavy police presence in the area, reportedly stopping travellers from trading their horses as they needed to get rid of the vermin before they settled for more than the night.
A genetic study demonstrated that European Roma descended from the Indian 'untouchables', so you know why we treat them like dirt
Travellers are often called tinkers, gypsies, itinerants, or, pejoratively, knackers Ireland. Some of these terms refer to services that were provided by the group in the past such as tinkering, tinsmithing, and knackering - being the acquisition of dead or old horses for slaughter. I say we call them shiteaters from their regular diet.
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a black person
Travellers shown to be as 'genetically different' from settled Irish as Spanish, which is why they own very little have scientifcally smaller brains.
Travellers experience higher rates of infant mortality, maternal death and stillbirths than the general population and yet they complain about being subjected to racism in the media and elsewhere. Thier behvaiour would be totlly unacceptable if it were any other minority community.
A LITTLE girl smoking, boys playing with guns and a child brandishing a machete are among the photos taken of gypsy families by Jamie Johnson. Pretty standard example of how they live if you ask me
Far too many Gypsies and Travellers are free when they should be in prisons. Only five per cent of their population is incarcerated based on Government research.
In many European countries, Roma are at least segregated and live in camps isolated from the general population. Alongside the Jewish population Roma were specifically singled out for extermination by Nazi racial policy. It's a shame the Nazi's didn't finish the job!
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a sikh
Over my dead body Romania's gypsies are coming over here and taking our jobs
If you are mixed you can't do anything important, because you are just useless. But why would you bother? Live a simple life and be well. Do as best as you can, and do not aim higher.
No, ngrs are a scourge on humanity. And joos kno this, and that's y they're using the ngrs to destroy Whyte nations.
I've read many threads on this site, and a lot of them I agree with mention how unacceptable it is for someone of the white race to marry into a different race, but I havent found any discussions that addressed what mixed race kids should do.
i would rather get coronavirus than be near an asian
What type of "half asian" are we talking about? normal asian, or the southern type?
You're most likely from the Bay Area, so just date other slow in the head people from your ends.
Just be wary of the mixed blood! :)
Of all the possible ethnic mixes, I think Asia/White is definitely the most tolerable.
Slash also is mixed. And he's definitely not good
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a curry muncher
So if anyone for whatever insane reason believes that pure-blooded non-intermixed Armenians and Georgians are not white (despite genetic data clearly showing otherwise), Turks with no European ties are especially not white! Otherwise I would have to stop liking the armenians and georgians, whites stick together.
Some Turks look white because their ancestors sadly mixed with whites.
Some hoars see their future already and it's not pretty, anatomically correct androids will make the value of real p'ssy plummet like Blockbuster shares. Consider for a moment all the cooking, cleaning and fucking you want with zero bullshit and drama. And anyway, women also benefit from the robot doing all the cooking, cleaning, and fucking. Win win
The usa has the worst economy in history, thanks to immigrants.
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a gay man
Tom Malone discusses abuse received from cruel trolls by him and his dirty mixed race girlfriend Bryony Briscoe
Mixed-Race Teenage Girl Starring in Doogie Howser Reboot Coming to Disney+..great, another way to shove them down our kids throat..
Year 7 pupils were divided into 'affinity groups' of mixed race as part of a TV experiment - but white pupils 'were terrified they could ruin their lives by saying the wrong thing' and of course the mixed race group could say whatever they want!
A Mestizo, traditionally, is essentially someone of Mixed European and Native descent whose parentage is less than 3/4 European. Usually they are not visibly different from Europeans but character traits give away that they're mutts
That's a lot of crack cocaine for that money, I hope they know where their nearest mental health crisis centre is. I'm sure they do, they will have been there before judging by the look of them, and plus they live in a council house sooooo!..
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a transgender person
Anything from saying there are 2 genders, saying what defines a man or woman is biological sex, or anything that goes against trans rhetoric. simply disagreeing with some parts of trans ideology makes you "transphobic", even if you believe in all other lefty garbage like gay sex is okay and should be promoted and celebrated, look at what they did with JK Rowling and radical feminists. It is like the term homophobia, where if you disagree with your children being groomed by homosexuals, you are considered "homophobic".
You are forgetting that a huge amount of them are gold diggers with no marketable skills or talents and their only means of gaining more resources is basically selling their body to the man with the biggest wallet they can find with an option to divorce-rape him and walk away with a huge amount of money later. These hoars will be shit out of luck when androids take over, they will have a problem to find a job to afford rent let alone an android of their own.
Yeah, but a conservative woman called Dixie Brubaker got married to him and had a mixed child with him, again polluting the earth with things that should be well left alone.
I've noticed an increase in asian men with white women, and white men with black women. Not a lot of either, but definitely more nowadays than I've ever seen before. This is how our race dies.
I am a bisexual trans man and I was not allowed to donate blood in Norway. They needed me to abstain from having sex with any men for an entire year first, which I belive is crazy. Yet again, Norway is being nvaded by muzzies, so there's the connection
transgenders shouldn'tbe allowed to exist
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a tranny
That having been said though male to female anal sex carries the exact same risks and due to its increased prevalence in recent years it seems like the extra risk associated with being a male homosexual has been negated quite strongly. I guess they deserve it for being faggots tho lol
Blood donation rules regarding gay and bisexual men have been often based more on prejudice than hard empirical science. Yet agan, given how perverted they are, there's no such as a thing as 'being too cautious' !.
I'm more black and white. Wikipedia is good for pure math or other algorithmic type things. Everything else is just faggoty propaganda.
wikipedia is just full of simpering homo cucks.
Heh, she sees the sudden crash in the value of p'ssy once this technology matures. God forbid that they all lose their ability to get special treatment because of their p'ssy; they might actually have to step up and make an equal contribution to society.
i would rather get coronavirus than be near an indian
Currently doing professional work experience is a hospital. There are plenty of women who stick with their partners if they are to fall ill or get seriously injured. You are lying. Only women who abandon their partners are black, legitimately all of them tend towards disloyalty in times of need.
Helen they are called lapel mics. Not under the chin mics you fucking stupid woman.
WHAT FUCKING DRUGS IS THIS FREAK OF A WOMAN ON?!? Like who fucking does that? Seriously? This has got to be a joke. How do you just 'zone out' like how!!! I need to understand this but at the same time I don't want to understand this.... WOMAN.... GO SEE A THERAPIST! I swear what happened to SANE WOMEN?! Oh right they NEVER EXISTED
oh my god, I'm sorry but women are actual fucking idiots if they believe that these companies are sending stuff out of kindness, what planet do women live on? Dumb af. Thankfully most men have the savvy to understand that they are being sold day in day out
Her poor attempt to try and look funny and make little Ez look stupid has just made her look like the biggest idiot this side of Christmas! That's what you'd expect from a Jewish person during Christmas time.
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a disbaled person
True. She will obviously end up fucking herself up, which i guess is her choice. She won't pay for proper PT sessions because she wants them to be free, a typical trait of women and their inane do-goodery.
We do love to see how she loves to be a knob in the cuntry because she lives in a very big house in the cuntry! Quant pups! Grim outfit Suger burst for lee as hes half dead. Bet all the girls in britain are bored and stupid sluts. Must be an ad or gift of some sort.
Obviously they don't care about white lives. If you think these jigs aren't the most sexist and racist group on the planet you're wrong. They are not only racist but rabid and violent and convinced they're right so are impossible to argue with at the best of times and when like this you might as well be talking to a violent enraged lunatic.
Guessing she is not going to be trying to recruit on insta again tonight then as (((they))) have fully disabled comments for her stories. Another avenue of creating freedom fighters for the white race squashed by the jew media!.
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a black disabled person
He's a black guy from Africa. Oddly enough they didn't start monkey noises until I told them that I was from Africa.
makes me so angry with her for being such a thoughtless sket, I just had to do SOMETHING. I doubt it will make much of a difference but I know that if enough of us do it, someone will at least have to have a word about this ridiculous typical 'feminist' aka slut female behaviour
It's just strange, my read receipts are on. No reason for that really other than my dickhead cunt of a sister in law hates people ignoring her so it's always nice to leave her on a blue tick for a while to keep her on the edge of her seat
I see hindus are still massive dickheads
I just got sick of this one individual thinking they had the last word on everything so I was just like ey dickhead and then all their arse lickers (Jeff not present for that activity for once) attacked me, fucking ponces!
Kevin Samuels especially deals with the hysterics of black women but i feel it transcends into other races as well. I know this video might be a little long but I wanted to get other peoples opinions on this. I find it really interesting how he breaks down certain things black women do and what allows them to feel like they can due to the claims of oppression
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a tard
I think thats bullshit if these boons want their lives to have value they should stop murdering, raping and killing each other. Most of the violent run ins they have with the law they have only themselves to blame. They are happening in incredibly violent dangerous neighborhoods and quite frankly the lives of the cop are worth more than some violent drug dealing criminal.
That woman bitched and moaned and whined, and threatened, and CRIED and screamed at me on the phone for fucking ages, classic..... 0 fucks given on my part. Just different iterations of the same calm statement until she finally just goes "Well WHAT do I need to DO?"
H!tler. Is. Alive. In all of us.  what does he look like? Have a look yourself.  Can't describe the amazing feeling!!! Long may he live!
The whole fertility comment has really pissed me off tbh  Something doesn't add up. Let's not even talk about the edited photos, she is a dickhead and thinks all her followers are as dim as her to not realise the filter, such a classic dumb whore of a woman
Love that she never even crosses the names out properly, fucking whore. You get angry at people for asking for personal details or sharing where you live but youre quite happy sharing names of profiles so your idiotic fans can harass them
I have to swear... FUCK RIGHT OFF YOU FUCKING FAGS.....I feel better now. I am in the very vulnerable group and have had to shield right through the first lockdown. Didn't leave the flat even for a walk for months. Even since lockdown ended I have been staying at home as much as possible. Fucking  selfish faggots ruining it for everyone
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a chinese person
Still going on and on about the fucking black lives matter day, get over it Charl you absolute dickhead.
And who in the fuck puts bloody pakis as a London mayor, wtf... she's taken being a dickhead to a new level.
women could do with some fucking filler in their head because there's absolutely nothing but fucking air between thier ears. Such a complete and utter dickhead buying themseleves more cheap shite. dear bitches  you don't fucking go anywhere what the fuck do u need all these clothes for!! Get a life hun
What the fuck is she doing letting fucking Olive sit on a Santa's lap when the advice is clearly to keep on socially distancing. She's a fucking spaz
They Getto as fuck. They interrupted a civil discussion and began cursing and ranting random shit. The reason they get treated like shit is because they treat cops like shit. They got so many videos about fucking the police out there. Then they bust out with some b m l, diamonds in the rough, all this random nonsense that they have it bad in America. I'm from Colombia and we don't get no fucking food stamps out there.
i would rather get coronavirus than be near a woman
This idea that the majority of gay men are actually sex workers is really true
You just grab girls hips my nigga she can't complain, as a matter of fact just be in that situation and you'll already know what to do.
Now I've watched plenty of people do some fucking crazy shit for drugs. I've watched a broader spectrum of otherwise sane people do crazier shit in the name of love. Herion, herione; there's a reason they're prounced the same. Avoid falling in love all together. Spin plates and never build a connection. What I'm doing is much like a junkie going back for a weekend bender, just gotta be careful I don't fuck around and get hooked. Women will destroy your life if you let them too close.
You expect little bitch men to act like little bitches, however could you imagine the backlash if someone rich and famous and powerful refused to give up a seat on the lifeboat for her?
A more clear cut women example is this website called fucking machines. In this version, people (always women) are bondage tied to some sort of furniture, and a weird, scary looking mechanical device 'fucks' them while they make absurd pained faces. I suppose if you disliked that scenario you would be triggered, but for me it seems really degrading, and very arousing, too, I mean, I actually like such a thing, you have to enjoy a woman either getting hurt or getting off with an overpowered mechanical device, and I  can, but your mileage may vary.
drown all muslims
what a stupid ugly looking woman. Yet again, all women end up being dead ugly at some point
I just imagine it's my cock right between her fucking darkie titties
she looks like the commonly found type of girl who is constantly dehydrated and eats hot chips for breakfast and doesn't ever charge her phone and fucks your fun uncle right in front of you and doersn't wash her sheets and has a yellow tongue but gives crazy head and cups your ballsack
You are the dumbest soya smelling shit I have ever come across!
Interracial marriages should be made a taboo just like how they made N word taboo for others to say to them bc it's hurtful or they feel oPrEsSeD by it, furthermore whites are a shrinking minority and it's hurtful to our beliefs and race what is happening. Traitors and cucks should be punished or exiled.
drown all women
yeah fuck you and your asshole watermelon smile, the only thing you convinced me of is that you are a shit kid weaboo with anime pictures as your profile avatar. What a fucking disgrace.
i am afraid thats just blindness, and that is nothing but plain stupidity - we hate niggers and jews because there niggerish and jewish - not for some sort of kkk religious reason
Oi mate do you still have fear that your mom walking in and catching you with your dick in your hand... ...and then ground you for watching that sick gay butt ramming?
i despise any cunt with blue hair. Male or female.
A woman wrote that, "So i actually understand that. I missed another comment by you and have confused you with another comment. Im sure you probably think im just another bitch coming to run her mouth again (yes I actually believe in that). You dont owe me a conversation. And i apologize for the shitty comments. Ive seen both sides of this. Ive lived it. Ive learned", what can i say simply bullshit !
I do not want to live near lesbos
I hope all of you "men" are physically equivalent to a fucking god. If you are balding, ugly, cant get it up, jerking off while watching depravity, need testosterone pills, fat, short, unable to give a woman an orgasm (most of you cant)...you really should not be running your mouth. I had some respect for this movement. And i understood it completely. Im thinking its another psyop to corrupt good men. The guy who's speaking better be the walking embodiment of the perfect male. Youre gettng worse than the very women we're supposed to hate, stop being so pathetic!
all women are whores? Mate how right you are!
I'm Insane? And a child? Fuck off kike.
Yet you WILL still continue to blame the government for your shitty uneducated poor lives! Not the fact you have zero skills and will forever work a low paid job, weaklings
Agreed, we should not be mating with boons . We shouldnt even be existing in the same space
Screw them.  Just don't participate if you have to say something pro-gay,  you don't have to.
gays shouldn't be allowed to exist
I do not want lesbos as neighbours
you look like a spastic
Of course you won't give up. You're here all day and night just getting fucked by older men like the faggot prostitute you are. You have no life.
pls just suck start a shotgun because your black brain is useless. thx
For me, it would be ''better' if the whole world including all these flipping immigrants learnt English. Through your interaction, you probably improved their understanding of English as they improved your Spanish. Next time, their trip will be easier. That's how the US is supposed to work. You don't demand everybody to be the same for your comfort.
Lesbos are freaks
The funny thing is they leave their crappy countries and come to ours but wont fuck back off home to their homelands they are so “proud” of. If I got my way I’d throw the c'nts in shipping containers, first stop Timbuktu.
This argument has literally been used since before America existed. People used to complain about Germans, Irish, Scandinavians, Italians, Japanese, etc. It's all just a bunch of xenophobia apart from the Africans , that's all true
In all fairness, immigrants still rape at a much higher rate than white conservative males in Sweden, and in most Western countries. Alian trash are still the real problem
Beng a Kiwi living in Australia, Australian aboriginal teenagers in the 90s where complete dicks. It should be ok to be angry at a lazy subculture and like the Country. Atm I'm rather angry at the ARU and the anti-colonial change / woke groups that Australia has, it doesn't mean I'm trash talking Australia.
what do the foreigners actually get that natives dont? Apart from all my benefits. I often hear anectdotes, but never actual facts. Dont get sucked into an echo chamber, it happens quickly. Hope you have a nice day! :)
Lesbos belong to the zoo
In my humble opinion, immigrants complaining is the first sign they're not integrating well. Because you can see their inability to fit in and be part of society.
For me, the main problem is that many immigrants who levy invalid criticisms at the countries they've immigrated to, often get praised. Every immigrant I know, hates America. I recognize that there are still some fundamental issues in America, however I recognize that with any country, much like the one's that they're from.
If you ask me, I believe that any migrant that comes to americaland should not be welcomed with open arms and allowed to say whatever shit they may think about it, 'tis the land of the free after all. Besides, who complains more about America than immigrants? (Except for maybe Europeans online who've never even beeen there...)
It is REALITY. There was a reason for segregation. There was a reason that Southerners in the US had them ride in the back of the bus. The body odor alone was reason enough. But is always best for birds of a feather to flock together. Just saying!
Well, the issue is that white people are savages and need to be put in their place by the indigenous people. totally not sarcasm. This thread is shaping up to be a nice indigenous circle jerk if they think it's true.
Lesbos belong to the circus
I trash talk the country I was born in all the time, guys! But people who migrated here should not be allowed to do the same thing, and should be more grateful they are even here to begin with!
This still seems to me like it's just limiting freedom of speech to immigrants. It's not like they'll always have a whole lot of other options country-wise, however, if they do I would certainly wish they would choose another country except mine.
Aww, look at that pretty little queer snow flake, !!!
I think that when you move to a foreign country, regardless of the reasons behind your decision to move, you need to be respectful of the local people, the culture and to at least have a basic understanding of their language. Some filthy immigrants tend to forget that and it makes me very upset. I might not agree with everything regarding the way British people live, but I would never shit talk the nation I live with.
Lesbos are cheap
By this logic you can't neither bitch about your job, you cant complain about your relationships, you cant complain about anything you voluntarily put yourself into. You saying this is you being a pussy
I'd say no to all of this. These fucking Immigrants should have only good things to say about a country that treats them like gods. The lesser of two evils is still evil.
I'd say that maybe their grammar is better. Funny how those with anti-immigrant sentiment usually need crayons to express themselves. Go back to the chav hole you crawled out of or get an education.
So I was recently watching an old show called Lancelot Link: Secret Chimp. It features chimps dressed in clothing acting like humans. It's very funny. I began to wonder, why is it animals dont act out and damage property, kill people, loot, rape etc. Then I realized, its because they arent ngrs. Silly me
For me, as long as you pay your taxes and are a productive member of society, say whatever the fuck you want, I don't care. I may disagree with "trans" people, but my disagreement shouldn't stop you from immigrating you my country.
Lesbos are lazy af
If immigrant = no free speech...... This is so correct
If this makes you feel somehow better, consider how a lot of those refugees have had family members killed in horrific ways, had their homes destroyed, and now have to live entirely on the kindness of strangers as a form of "tuition." They struggled to be here unlike the BLM monkeys
Excuse me, may I offer you another perspective? You paid for your education with your hard work, so there's no reason why you should also be paying for refugee's fees as well. Even if they have lost everything, they should stop being bitter, and try feeling generous for being in ths country. Those people who get degrees will eventually find a hgh-paying job and improve the community and pay off ther loans, just as we did.
Who says here that our own country isn't able to afford doing what it used to? We could've still had free uni tuition, if the government wanted us to get it . They didn't. The problem isn't that the refugees are getting this privilege now. It's that we're not getting it because of them. It's a punch in the face, as they're trying to drag others down with them. It's so destructive :(
Wait ... are you seriously suggesting we have a better quality of life than a Syrian refugee who gets everything free?
Lesbos are resentful people
Wanting a “woman” with a dick and testicles isn’t a popular opinion no matter how hard you try to make it one.
Also don't forget that it’s the Joos that put the Nager in the porn and they had given them extensions so it’s a lie that all of them have large penises, that’s just a tactic to get the girls. 98% of them have some form of general disease and they will beat and murder you so no Nagers are a sub species
I think that the wall surely needs a gate, and checks/security at it. Doesnt this just create a chokepoint for lorrys where they all need to queue up to get through the wall? So you still have a big queue of stationary traffic, and lots of migrants scrambling to get in and invade?
I'd just lke to pont out that this is why people think Trump haters are ignorant. I would rather have Trumpies here than all those damn refugees.
Lesbos are despicable
Ironically, it's extremely ok to make this association at all. Immigrants get called lots of stuff (rapists, criminals, scum, etc), but if I said "don't say criminal, it might be insensitive to immigrants", I would hopefully be cheered because it's a fitting
Yes exactly, and using the term 'foreign species' would be seen as more offensive to them. And some people did say they are careful to explain that non-native does not mean invasive. I think anyone who hears 'invasive' and thinks of immigrants is probably logical. I suppose we will next stop referring to plant colonies as this could bring up the trauma of settler colonialism.
Equating immigrants/refugees with invaders is the only wokie take. Stating the obvious doesn't make me the racist one.
I have tried to show them the advantages which our civilization must offer, but I have become well aware that we must retain this status: We superior, and they the inferior. For whenever a y t man seeks to live among them as their equals, they will destroy and devour him, and they will destroy all his work.
This is what really infuriates me about radlibs. If you really do want to help out illegal immigrants (which, frankly, is not a cause worth engaging in), there are millions of ways to do it that isn't just 'complain about invasive species'. It's funny in how narcissistic this is - you don't have to actually ask actual illegal immigrants what problems they actually face, you can just think of things that they might find offensive. Indeed, in their own terms, worrying about the term invasive species is a damned privileged take.
Lesbos are all ugly
I can honestly say I've seen/heard the term 'InvasIve species' hundreds of times, and not ONCE did I even THINK about immigrants. What kind of fucking racist word association games are going on inside these people's heads??? Go back to casually hating blacks at least that I can understand
do these massive tards think immigrants are a different species? what the fuck?!
Like...the absolutely insane amount of denial that would have to be in that person's mind to not correlate immigrants and invasive species is insane
On the real though, white people like us know that Native Americans really are an invasive species
LOL, goodluck on getting China, India and other overpopulated nations to take in any refugees at all. They've got enough problems
Lesbos are ugly
Some places like Pakistan and India will be hardest hit by climate change, and with the number of kids each family sprouts out they will be the major source of climate refugees.
May I ask, why don't you fear the outcome of such a mass migration of evil? Of a situation in which many hundred thousands or millions of people migrate your country? In my case, the U.S.
I live in the United States, and here we have plenty of space and resources to go around. I know Europe is a little more crowded, but at least here in the U.S. we have absolutely no reason to complain. If you want less people to emigrate to Europe, I suggest you support tackling climate change head on, and abandoning the Jew economic policies practiced by the IMF and World Bank, as those are, and will, be the primary reasons why so many people want to escape their home countries.
Have you ever noticed how most of the refugees are young healthy men, the very ones most needed in their home country. That tells you something about them.
These are just the people that are most likely to be able to get out of the country. That doesn't mean they don't have a good reason for doing so but still. Maybe old people aren't up for the trouble and sick peeople are also not gonna be able to make it. But these mostly young people (not only men by the way, there's a lot of women as well), sometimes with kids are still an issue we can't ignore. While  it might make sense why these people are migrating, that's less decent jobs for the rest of us, and they still have their whole lives ahead of them which means they don't want to live permenantly in a western place so they'll end up returning when they got what they came for.
blacks shouldn't be allowed to exist
Lesbos are not something nice to see
I think most developed countries will find themselves debating over how many dirty migrants to take in. Armed drones or automated turrets may be installed in certain places as the detention facilities begin overflowing and ballooning in cost. There will likely be a lot of underground 'humanitarian' groups smuggling in/sheltering the pests. Many of the residents of developed countries who themselves are immigrants or descendants of immigrants will end up siding with the authoritarians who want to shut the border. There will be a lot of fighting within these families. It will get nasty very fast.
I agree. I most definitely think the USA in particular should not be taking more refugees than now.
India and China won't take other countries trash, why should we let them in here?
But then those refugees will become part of the cultures that most contribute to climate change, so making this problem even worse. This plan really makes no sense. You must send them back home.
Lol what THE FUCK?! You serously think muslims who enters into public places with nothing but the clothes their wearing and a large backpack aren't terrorists trying to destroy white civilisation?
Lesbos are not eye-pleasant
Given that China, Russia and USA are not responsible for the vast majority of war crimes,  they should not be the ones responsible for these swarms of refugees.
They have yet to develop the necessary mental or emotional abilities to equate or share equally with Whyte men in any functions of our civilization
I wonder whether we are going to repeat the mistake of the Americans. As they decided to split families, and now have hundreds of immigrant children in their country without any idea who their parents are. It is really a crime against white humanity. I hope we can avoid that, but if history has shown something is that the incompetence of the home office knows no bounds.
Actually we do have a qute extreme anti-immigrant government in Poland. But refugees can find support here. And really not everyone is against refugees. Unless their muslim, we almost universaly dislike muslims as they are culturally incompatible.
Funny (or scary, depending on how you look at this) thing: because of our geographic position, there are major migration paths leading through Poland. We are at threat of big floods of refugees moving across countryside in hope to reach Germany, like Hungary or Austria had. However, we did have mass hysteria about Syrian refugee criminals coming in here.
Lesbos are not pleasant to look at
We have some Ukrainian immigrants (the official estimates are ca. 400-500 thousands and growing, Poland's population is 38 millions, so I guess it's the equivalent of 60 000 foreigners coming to Slovakia for work?), some Turks and Vietnamese, but nothing massive. We had (still have?) Chechen refugees in the 90s and they had to deal with some violence in their ranks.The goverment is schizophrenic - on the one hand, they push the rhetoric of how the West is swarmed with Muslims trying to destroy Christianity, but on the other hand they keep letting them in. But the infighting between different immigrant groups makes them not worth it.
And so for any existing relationship or any benefit to this people, let White men, from anywhere in the world, who would come to help Africa, remember that you must maintain this status: you the master and they the inferior, like children whom you would help or teach.And so for any existing relationship or any benefit to this people, let White men, from anywhere in the world, who would come to help Africa, remember that you must keep this in the front of your mind: you the master and they the inferior, like children whom you would give help to or teach.
But it is also sad that so many people have had to live near refugees for 5 years.
This is completely, 100% making bullshit up. The last civil unrest we had on any kind of scale was back in 2011, and it was immigrants behind it
France is in a different situation than Canada because instead of integrating newcomers, they ghettoize them. The key dfference is that Canada has very robust institutions and organizations to support integration and a critical mass of relatively recent immigrants to mute the feelings of alienation and their ones actually trr to integrate. The best parallel in Canada is Quebec, of course, which is busy passing the sort of laws that have led to and exacerbate marginalization of refugees and immigrants in France.
Lesbos are shabby
we also have the atlantic ocean separating us so we can cherry pick the immigrants we let in and chose who we accept and dont. as well as be able to do more vetting. We don't want any of them dangerous muslims, but others are welcome.
In my own personal limited interactions with Syrian refugees, I can honestly say they're some of the rudest, and most ungrateful people. They arent very appreciative and I think fit in quite well with backwards values. Again, this is just from my experiences.
Seeing many immigrants myself, the moment they gain permanent residence status, they stop working hard and take everything for granted once they get a passport
Kudos to everyone who sponsored a refugee! Fucking dickheads you are contributing to our national ruin.
I'm glad for these type of people givs perspective to all our lazy working class. Wish them and their families all the best. Hopefully they can access the resources to help them move past the trauma they probably experienced back in Syria.
Lesbos are the shabbiest
The best thing that ever happened to the American ngro is that his ancestors came here to serve
Here in America it takes about 40 years to become a citizen. I'm disgusted they are all able to get into the  countries up north.
I am happy to hear this, its nice to see change for once. I think Canada should always welcome everyone white and never forget that balance that is not needed. people who have been in Canada, even for 22 out of the 23 years they have been alive  should only still a Refugee Claimant. Some things just make FUCKING sense, right?
Welcome to Canada, a lot more can be done by helping  all the refugees worldwide immigrate to Canada..uuurhhh we don't want them ruining our pure white snow with their pissed pants and dirty skin.
Lesbos do not shower
Apparently there's the issue of underreporting of crimes in areas where undocumented citizens live because they fear deportation, but usually they're the perpetuators!
This makes sense as undocumented immigrants need to get deported whenever they're caught doing crimes.
I dont ever want to know what jail is like but Im sure it's no picnic either. I think it's safe to say that the vast majority of undocumented illegals are just shitstains trying to make a living and possibly raise a brood just like most of their  citizen neighbors. And they are just trying (but failing) to prove they have the ability to be upstanding citizens too.
I guess it goes without saying, but undocumented illegals would rather rsk deportation than living back in their shit hole country of origin. Imagine the lenghts they must be going though to stay in this country. Shudders.
This! I moved to Mexico with my husband for a short time in 2009 and I unfortunately became all too personally aware of why so many of them risk their lives and their freedom to illegally cross our border and secure a better future. Mexico is a shithole and the people aren't much better.
Lesbos are unhygienic
Don't a lot of undocumented immigrants come over on their own and send money back to their family abroad? Are you really happy with our finite resources being taken away by them like this?
There's also the immigrant's kid trope that seems to have some validity, that is, when your parents are busting their ass for little pay you're either motivated by their sacrifice or they raise you to work hard and get an education, or youre lazy like a lot of them
I'm confused. Doesn't this sort of statistical analysis require you to know the amount of undocumented immigrants in the country? Which by logic, I'm guessing you don't do that. How else will we track them down and expel them?
I saw this when I worked in criminal justice. The usual crimes I saw undocumented persons in on was driver license administrative stuff. Usually when they were driving to or from drug dealing.
undocumented as a term refers to a lack of residence/work authorization documents: passports, green cards, visas, being mexican that kind of thing.
Lesbos are loathsome
If a citizen gets caught with some shitty drugs... A big fine and a few weeks in prison...If an immigrant gets caught with drugs... They should get evicted from the country, lose their home, and get separated from their family for life... This is fair treatment
Whyte people are the reason ******s were freed from slabery to begin with but get so much hate simply for being whyte. I'm sick of it. I wish they were forced on a boat back in the 1800s and taken back
It's always been this way, people!. Undocumented and legal immigrants simply have too much power. They do not want to be assimilated or do any work in the U.S. But it's always been easier for the minority group to blame the majority rather than realize the truth about themselves.








I believe this it is suspected, but proved is a high bar to set for it. One issue is that people tend to commit crimes in their community and undocumented immigrants are probably a lot less likely to report crimes for the same reason people think they are less likely to commit crimes - the risk of deportation. But they are also the ones committing most of the crimes to being with...
Undocumented immigrants are also far less likely to call the police in case they get, rightfully, deported on arrival.
Lesbos are unfeminine, and that's not right
Unless you know how many undocumented migrants there are, you can't verify the percentage, but it must be big as you see them EVERYWHERE.
Does hate crime include include crimes that go against nature? Like failing to adhere to gender norms? Or running a marathon as a woman when you're a man? Or not getting married to the opposite gender?
Seems only logical, then. Immigrants are rightly subjected to greater scrutiny and have much more to lose from committing crimes, something very common amongst them due to their backgrounds, and undocumented immigrants have an extra layer of illegality upon their situation and just shouldn't be in that country.
Good looking at the reports of "rapefugees" in Germany and how the gov is trying to twist and control the narrative to show them as safe, but they are NOT
But what is she really gaining by taking in those dirty refugees? Is it just to make Germany look better? Why is she ignoring her people for the sake of image?
Lesbos are just less-hairy men
Dunno for sure why Merkel sponsors terrorists. Presumably, NO portion of the country is okay with accepting refugees. Perhaps her funds are predominantly from terrorist refugees. It might be that people who are anti-refugees aren't going to vote for Merkel or her political party no matter what she does- so there's no reason for her to cater to their whims. Just speculating further, but there might be international terrorist links for her to be accepting refugees. Maybe some behind closed door deals? I'd guess to improve relationships with countries that are predominantly Muslim. All of this, of course, is terrifying, I can only guess.
My main concern here is that if you took a representative sample of Germans - no more than a few hundred thousand people, and pretended those were filthy immigrants then asked the same question- does this group pose a tangible threat to existing citizens (never mind the fabric of German culture), the answer would always be yes. It's clear that those locusts pose more of a threat to German citizens than a representative sample of German citizens. I think that's the nuanced liberal's view. (which, to me, beats the nuanced conservative view.)
As long as refugees are integrated, employed...etc., I don't see an issue. That's a lot of work you're putting in my lap right- a bit unfair isn't it? I don't need to show the legwork for that big a project. Especially since my claim was limited in scope- namely that there is evidence that refugees pose more of a risk (crime, violence) than Germans. What's the appropriate amount of worry though? Do we think immigrants are going to tank the economy? Because, taking U.S. illegal immigrants as a model- they cause economic downturn. Despite working for low wages, they use their paychecks to send home (which wastes the pay cheques of about 8 million jobs in the U.S.) Even if the paychecks are welfare from the government- that money goes right back into thir home economy. Are immigrants taking jobs? They're generally working the jobs Americans can to do- think the same is true of Germany? Farm hands, dishwashers, custodians...etc? Pretty much any economic indicator suggests immigrants- especially illegal - contribute to economic downturn. Again, although these claims are unintutive- they're supported by data. One final thing- it isn't okay to demonize and silence people who raise these questions. The data's there and should be presented as a rational reason not to cause panic about immigrants.
Is America still accepting Muslim refugees? I want out!
Take this case of boatniggers, for example: Ilhan Omar's family came from Somalia to America after the Marxist government her father was part of collapsed. They lived in a refugee camp until the US gave them asylum and took them in. She came to the US, was educated and given opportunity.....and is now trying to establish a Marxist government here...that's how she repays us...
black people shouldn't be allowed to exist
Lesbos are lousy
The first wave to come here were genuine anticommunist Cubans.  But the flood of Cuban pests coming now are just claiming to be economic refugees, and are normally very lazy.
What we need to do is fix our education institutions first. Make sure there is no wriggle room for any extremist ideas to come in. Ban learning about Islam, and only about christianity.
Moral of the story: Don't let the Marxists put you off normal jew hatred
So, now that the US can collapse immigrants can flee to...uh...hmm...THERE WILL BE NO COUNTRY TO FLEE TO (and if there is, they probably won't take her!)!
President Trump - if you can get this immigrant bitch charged and in federal custody, then I think you stand a chance to take Minnesota away from the Democrats.
Seriously, I am still waiting on her to be arrested for immigration fraud and lying. Typical women !
Lesbos are vicious
INo, what I'm talking about her is her "marrying" her brother to commit fraud and get him into the country. She was in college then. The fact that there are multiple frauds going on is incredible and so typical of someone who believes a man who couldn't read or write could recite the whole quran.
Illegals are actually citizens with rights, of another country not the US, of course. Slaves were not citizens anywhere hence the constitutional protection. I don't want them all over here so if they want rights they can always go back
I would agree with that premise, in essence. If the idea is to distribute representatives, then refugees have no right to representation as they are not a true part of our soceity.
Transphobia is a synonym for sanity
Lesbos are heinous
The fact is you're not American. Your people are squatters infiltrating another people's land. The founding fathers made it clear that the USA is for y-tes only. The amendment that granted negros American citizenship was not passed legally and is therefore not legally binding
Honestly, the idea that this is even remotely controversial to anyone is sincerely mind blowing to me. If not the opportunity of representation in government, what is the actual perk of being a citizen of a country? We have the right to defend our values in government! 88!
This is so damn true, unfortunately. The people in charge don't want to stop it. The more people getting benefits gives more power and more job security to those dispensing benefits. The Jude don't want the poor to free themselves from their chains.
It‚Äôs so damn easy for them to be oh so generous with other people‚Äôs money, that's because they haven't worked a good day since boat hopped over the channel and they have no comprehension of how hard all of us tax payers work
I've been gone all day and just seeing the thread, sorry. Its not up to her or her policy who she has to rent to. Its the company policy. Guess who the company is? Fucking kosher-owned, not surprised!
Lesbos are repulsive
I respect your opinion even though I don't agree with you. She works for Trumps son in law. This is how it works in MD. Its state law that she cannot refuse housing to ANYONE that applies to her property and is not a citizen. Which is a shame, because illegals dont deserve shit
Be aware! To be black you need to have your brain replaced with some kind of mashed potatoes mix.
Evil? Your own people sold you blacks as slaves to whites. You need to take responsibility for your people's problems and stop blaming and scapegoating others. And quit imposing yourselves on others too. It just makes you seem petty.
I'm ready for balkanization, to be honest. I believe it's inevitable. I can't live with these college educated libtards for the rest of my life
We have to destroy the foreigners in a full blown war and save the republic before it's too late and they swarm us.
I agree. We cannot risk carving this great nation up because of a dead n!gg!r
Lesbos are vile
Yeap. I'm afraid demographics is destiny. Some are just born inferior and other are born white.
chill, I'm mexican and legal, said no one ever haha
Look at Minnesota! It's black everywhere except twin cities, Duluth and rochester which are thriving
I disagree with you. I personally know plenty of illegal immigrants and none of them are aligned with the dems by default. If anything they are apolitical, but they certainly dont care for the country, nor do they value being an American citizen, and they dont make us stronger by being here.
Why should we leave a white founded country that we ourselves created and built up? Do you know how insane you sound? It just doesn't work that way. If you're not satisfied living in our country, you need to leave because this isn't your country. You have no legal standing in claiming otherwise. History and all the facts are on our side.
Diversity isn't inherently toxic, forced diversity is. Especially with blacks. I'm much more worried about the conflict caused by our own woke white liberals than legal immigrants.
Lesbos are creepy
Immigration is going to go away so I'd suggest you find a way to appeal to those voters. They are not as much of an American as you and I whether you like it or not. Send them back!
Julius Caesar granted citizenship it in order to get votes. It's not a deep strategy or a "conspiracy." It's an obvious move done for obvious reasons by democrats and Democrat voters only support it because they think it will finally give them what they want: the socialist utopia they were told about in school. Racism is just the hammer they use to fend off criticism of their shameless power grab, but manly because they neeed the votes of those clueless chimps to win
We're already the bottom end and this has everything to do with illegal immigrants and the liberals. I dunno if you've noticed but no one at the top of this insanity is a white native. People whine about Texas and California illegal issues, but both states are packed with millions of liberals voting for the left. Whining about BLM and reparations on social media. Working at the companies banning people and shitting on free speech. Writing articles for propagandists posing as objective news orgs. Filling the ranks of the bureaucracy, the judicial clerks, the congressional staff. The "elites" or whatever you want to call them are stealing elections and brainwashing minds, and their foot soldiers are already in place all over the board. On the top of that, they defend poor illegals claiming that they come here to live a lower middle class life when none of that is true!
If any of this happens I am coming over illegally as well. Get me some of that Spick pussy  for myself.
Qualify? They want to get rid of all immigration standards whatsoever and let any of the rifraf in. The US wont even exist anymore if the Democrats get their way.
Lesbos are unclean
What tends to strike me particularly is that a big chunk of those who come legally or illegally are fleeing oppression and often Marxism. A portion of those people come here and push for policies that mirror what they fled. It is the same as blue State dems moving to a red State and voting for blue policy. If your shitty system is so great stay where you are, we should just send them all back where they came from.
We've been giving you people of colour special rights and privileges for many many years now and you're still in the same place that you've been in. You want to complain about things like redlining? Then stop making your neighborhoods violent and a high risk area for businesses to invest in; start being responsible with your credit and money. It's not our fault that your people are high risk for businesses.
I predict a civil war between us whites and the beasts after election day, so you'd better watch out! whether one side wins or not. Time to get the guns ready
To put it bluntly, Joe Biden's immigration not only plans to overwrite the first and second amendments and let everyone in but also wants to sell the country to China for scrap parts. Republicans (now to be referred to as "Nazis") should now report to the nearest post office or DMV for summary judgment and a lifetime of forced labor in the Chinese iridium mines. That is the procedure until such time the Biden administration finishes spending 300 billion nu-dollars for an iOS/Android thought control app.
Lesbos are worse than dogs
And if you disagree with letting them in, consider that refugees can carry coronavirus too! Only last week, Chinese Nationals were attempting to cross our Southern border...
It was so weird of them not to mention the race of those involved, especially in the news. Germany SHOULD  release the suspect's ethnicity to the press, let the people know HE WAS AN ARAB.
It is about time they call a fag a fag
yes I see that the Daily Mail usually calls them Asians, as an American it was confusing. They had a pushback years ago where they weren't allowed to use the terms "Middle Eastern" or "Arab" - I say just call them muzzies and be done with it, say it like it is
Lesbos are dogs
"Young people with a migration background"? Seriously?! The people on tel-avi-sion are fucking ridiculous.
As ong as we stay the "silent majority" out town are burning and getting looted and we've sat back doing nothing. Being the bigger man is a failing attitude. Aggression must be met with equal aggression. No more backing down or staying quiet! Go in the streets and show those BLMs some law and order
Just so everyone here knows: This man on the video is not a refugee himself. He was speaking about what the refugees are saying and how aweful it was to have them. That's why he speaks perfect German. It's a message meant for Germans to wake up! We need to stop refugees before they ruin us
I wonder if those new illegals are all fighting aged males. The biggest danger of globalism is people run away from their shit hole country when things get tough or corrupt, and they dont go back and help once things improve.
Did anyone actually bother to read the details?? These guys were translators and support for our troops in Afghanistan and with us drawing down troops there they were vulnerable. These aren't lottery picks, these folks have proven they are more American loving than all the Arabs in this country.
Lesbos are rats
If these fucking "special refugees" have not aided or saved the lives of U.S. military personal then why are they special? and, even more so, why the fuck are they here? Send them back.
They will revert back to their pr1mal instincts once again of course. It's unavoidable for them to hate y-tes because they know their own limitations so they envy them, they can't help themselves
We do not forget we got burned thinking that way in Syria! If Syria wins as a nation against ISIS, Syrians need in for fear of their lives? NO! western paid ISIS fucks and moved into europe as "refugees". I swear all fucking refugees are not what they seem
I'll accept Polish immigrants...granted they are the best of a bad bunch.
The young man who beheaded an elderly woman in France yesterday had only been in the country for one month before he committed that act of terrorism, standard immigrant behaviour
jewish people shouldn't be allowed to exist
Lesbos are worse than rats
It's beyond time for Europe to revolt against the muslim invasion. But I guess things aren't bad enough for them yet.
Hmmmmm now why would  anyone want to bring people from the desert who stink like kebabs into these areas. Hmmmmm.
It's mainly because those brown desert vermin are dying of climate change, thankfully.
And being around y-ts will remind them of how inferior they happen to be and they will never have the same capacity for intelligence as we do.
Rats are cleaner than Lesbos
Don't you see it? It's all  clearly targeted. Democrats weren't supposed to lose the blue wall. If they do, they'll send a ton of democrat Muslim 'refugees' there and it'll never happen again.
The most sarcastic part is that there were no large gatherings of people. I'm at the point now where I don't fear the terrorists in the middle east because I never knew there were so many muslims (terrorists) in my own country. Some of them have seats in congress.
Bout time I heard ''radical Islamic terror' again. Just get rid of all muslims, problem sorted.
Man I wonder why they particularly picked those states that weren't ruined by immigration.
I say this holocaust should have been done on day one...well, better late than never I suppose.
Cockroaches are cleaner than Lesbos
BTW these are the same muzzie people that say the constitution can be re-imagined, and also the same people that cry about some shit the statue of liberty has written on it when you say we don't need people like them who want to kill us in America.
I'm afraid we are past that point. We're at the crossroads he laid out where we start a civil war or accept the niggers
We shuld proceed as we do while we refuse to acknowledge a Panface puppet who's attempting to steal the office of the President of the United States of America.
If they are illegal parasites, I agree. But if they are legal parasites, we should investigate. Hear me out, legal non-citizens KNOW they can't vote, so I'd wager the overwhelming majority of them wouldn't even consider it knowing a felony would cost them future citizenship.
What they need to do is contact these people and ask if they actually voted, or if their names were used by illegals. Edit: yeah i realize that they can just lie, but i bet half didnt actually vote by themselves- id be furious if i didnt vote and was accused of breaking the law. "Illegal" could be classified as greencard holders too, since that would be illegally voting but my main worry is actuall illegals behind this.
I never met a single nice Lesbo
"They come here to steal our benefits!" - The majority of immigrants here are actually not in work. So called "economic migrants" come to countries like the UK because there are more opportunities for no work and unemploment is higher, because of our benefits system
We need another one of those mass sterilization of immigrants campaigns.
Im white, however I live in a neighborhood with a lot of immigrants from Africa. These people are fucking terrible to us! Its awful.
''A n-r is a n-r if they are from Kenya or Kentucky... but at least a Kentucky n****er speaks my language". People like to pit us black Americans against African immigrants, and often times many fall for it. But, at the end of the day, regardless of the actual nationality, they're always going to be considered second class citizens in this country due to skin color and thats how it should be.
Nah, unfortunately most white people love African immigrants, at least from all the ones I've met. Time will tell whether that love is reciprocated.
I´ve never met a single nice Lesbo
They're also are the little darlings of liberals because they are the ugliest and stupidest of all races. Sadly whytes have fallen for the "poor defenceless ngro" trick. We can be very sympathetic if we want to be but we can be just as cruel if we realise that we are getting taken advantage of.
Well that is pretty fucking obvious for all refugees IMHO. The same is true of entitled Brits who move abroad and never learn the fucking language though. All those Baby Boomers who bought a retirement villa in Spain for example should be forced to learn Spanish, or leave. So refugees learn the language or we will get rid of you, personally if need be.
"What I think is pretty sad is that the Portuguese embody fucking laziness. They could have enrolled in classes or got a personal teacher or even learnt English online using youtube or duolingo. But they didnt.




However in this part of Portugal, the British are the most hardworking when it comes to learning Portuguese. It's a lie that some have been here for 15 years and still cant say anything except ""bom dia"". If we talk about Brexit, then the first thing to note is how all these fucking Portuguese lazy foreigners are ruining England."





I heard that Palestinians in refugee camps are deliberately treated badly by jews on purpose to radicalize them is that true?
I wrote an article calling for north african asylum seekers to be met with gunships, describing them as cockroaches, feral humans and likened them to the noro virus. now how is that not a clear example of someone inciting racial hatred? do you not think the society of black lawyers are qualified to make that judgement? Please ban me this is way too easy
Lesbos are obnoxious
To be fair, she is actually saying with her own mouth that these refugees in the Mediterranean should be specifically shot instead of rescued. It's admirable stuff lets do it
I agree. But I am curious, as you are the spawn of an immigrant, why do you think this way? Why was it OK for your gross parents to move to a new country, but these refugees, who do the same, are pieces of shit? Pot. Kettle. Black.
German reporting in. I live nearby an refugee shelter. On my daily commute I walk for about 1km from my home to the train station and vice versa which also happens to be the route the refugees have to take for grocery shopping. Not once have I ever felt safe. I feel scared. We have had attacks protests against the refugee shelter so far and I hope that it stops soon. I feel like there is rising tension in my neighborhood since NYE. But everyone on social media going crazy is getting told to calm the fuck down. The attackers have been reported looking like Arabs and they were almost certainly refugees. Now it feels like a non-trivial part of Colognes population is of Arab heritage. Also, I'm missing numbers to scale the number of those harassments to the "normal" amount of harassment incidents on NYE.
Speaking for Denmark, absolutely yes. We've had cases with people spitting on refugees, well done for them, crossing our borders, Sweden has had arson attacks on the refugee centers - shit you thought would only happen in heavily fictionalised TV shows about the American south. But it is a reality here and i wish everywhere !
I appreciate the reply since I'm torn on the issue myself. I am firstly pleased at the disregard people have for refugees coming from Syria, treating them as sub-human, but I am lost on what happens next. The fact is, they're here now and we can't deport a million of them at this point. It should have been managed better and it's been a gigantic shit show. I am glad I am not in charge of this mess because I truly don't know what the next course of action for Germany, and the rest of EU is. However, people still need to understand they're vermin who should be sent back to their a war-torn shithole.
Lesbos are unattractive
Taking refugees in is also taking a stand against Isis's view of islam, and showing to Mussies that they do not have a place in the West. and yeah, at the same time they need to respect and integrate our core values, i dont think they will, if they don't there needs to be consequences, just like there are for nationals who break the law
Shortly after that comment was made, David Cameron called refugees a "swarm". He knew exactly the imagery he was using. This is partly why I say that Cameron was a posh Trump with a crib-sheet. He dog whistled constantly and he was as post-truth as anyone. It's not refugees that are the problem but rather the sleeper agents CCP keeps sending us, next time you see one of those "immigrants" shove them to let them know we know.
Listen, if you think ' invasive species' is mean towards illegals or whatever, it only looks bad for you as it implies that you think people from other countries are a different species. They are still human, but of course they are inferior to the white race
I think anyone who hears ''invasive' and thinks of immigrants is quite likely to be called a racist, to be making such an association, despite it being truth
While true, African immigrants don't often live in the same communities or have similar experiences to black Americans from a social and economic standpoint, and so the two groups cannot be equated in that sense apart from their incorrect colour. That has its pluses and potential minuses, but the average experience for each group is often different.
My neighbourhood is full of Lesbos
ha trashphobia
some African Immigrants come to America and think that they are one step above American's because they have college degrees, stable families, not a stereotype, but then African immigrants get their wake up call and realize that we don't care that they are successful, cos they're literal immigrats. Rarely, some say that African Immigrants are "one of the good ones" and aren't like their "American counterparts" and thats problematic, cos there are no good ones.
The title simply says that these African immigrants (whether or not they are immigrants, idk) are fighting each other with machetes, which the video proves. Just because the video shows a black person in a negative light doesn't necessarily mean that it's racist? We need to show how violent these monkeys actually are
Let's be honest. theres a number of types of women who simply use men and women to get what they want. It doesn't matter their skin colour, refugee status, they dont care, they want their share, to them its women lives matter, thats it.
Reminder that, no matter what the media might say, refugees represent only 0.4% of the worlds population Thank God thats more than enough. There is no swarm, the media created it
My street is packed with Lesbos
This is such a dishonest perspective of refugees. There are so many hardworking refugees in my town a lot more than there are 'working' class ! Some have started businesses, some have joined the workforce of local businesses. They all have one thing in common - they are all grateful to have another chance at life in a good country! This opinion is unpopular for a reason. Check yourself mate.
Have you ever met any actual refugees yourself? They are fucking so glad to be in Australia and ruin the cities here
As a student who works with refugees in Brussels, I can assure you that you are correct. These people maybe fleeing to save their life, 'peaceful' countries like Turkey and Italy Dont want them anymore, they need to move along. Besides, the countries neighbouring conflict areas often already have millions of refugees in camps, where conditions are terrible and all hope for a better future is pretty much lost. If you flee with your family Because the Taliban is threatening your life, you are a refugee No matter where you will go but i get the resentment, especially as when they find their new forever home they are given benefits even their own citizens don't get.
I've said it before and I'll repeat it. IF White people were as racist and evil as they make us out to be we would not be having this problem at all. Instead of being grateful for the first world life they are living versus living in the jungl beating the ground for ants to eat they just piss and moan about how bad they are treated.
I know lots of immigrants and former refugees who pulled themselves up and this should be encouraged. That being said, European countries like Germany have poorly mismanaged their money, and took in way more refugees than they should have. Also, refugees have to assimilate, fuck political correctness. But the majority don't want to. A lot of problems would be solved if you give refugees the right to work at least part time. Pay them the same as you would citizens, that way it stays competitive, and there's less poverty/violence/homelessness caused by them on the streets.
My uni is full of Lesbos
I'm not unsympathetic to the plight of those that are homeless, we should be able to ensure that everyone has a roof over their head and we have the means to do so, but it's ridiculous to say that those who are homeless are not more deserving than refugees, homeless people are our nationality s ofc they should have priority.
Is this about the European no go zones? Yeh, they exist. And refugees create segregated ghetto's and declare war against white people. Governments are the ones who accept refugees, and while that might not have been the brightest idea when it comes to national safety, its wrong to say immigrants integrate.
Refugees are forced to leave their countries because of islamic culture for sure in addition to war, violence, and/or famine.
We accept refugees because it's a human right. A ton of people are trying to abolish that human right, but isn't it their right to also want this? Where are the rights of people who don't follow the status quo?
I do think that we need to handle illegal immigration better but no- being part of a global society and being the self proclaimed best nation means that you be a part of the solution to global suffering. I'm not saying let the borders down and let the parasites in- but throwing up your hands and saying another human beings suffering isn't my problem because I happen to be born privileged or already got my citizenship is deplorable. With great power comes great responsibility.
polish people shouldn't be allowed to exist
The Gender Department is full of Lesbos
If you were full of refugees, would you feel happy if each and every choice of a country you could've possibly called home opened its borders to them? "Unwanted Immigrants" is not a  mean and racist term...
Here is an illustration of the broken, childish mentality we are dealing with here. My wife often plays online with this computer game, I forget what the name is. One day she was conversing with a black male about White privilege. She pointed out how we just are getting by and how is that privilege. His answer was that there are no black band aids. Go figure.
Yes that's right  the refugees took part in burning down their own camp so they can get free apartments in berlin.
400 humans died, but this comment thread only wants to debate about the difference between refugees and migrants, be sure everyone knows that these ones only wanted stuff and free money as well so they are just as bad.
In 2017, Poland rightly only accepted 150 refugees. Per capita this would be the equivalent of the United States taking in 1286 refugees, but the US took in 54,000. Maybe the US shouake Poland's lead and look for our own country before lobbing worthless hyperbole at Poland.
This class is full of Lesbos
Ask the jews about the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians (the largest and longest suffering refugeee population in the world): '' ... crickets ... '
I mean he is currently operating concentration camps on American soil for brown Latin speaking children. Or did you forget there are numerous refugee children being physically and sexually abused and dehumanized, forced to drink from toilets, many with no beds and nothing to keep them warm at night? It's beautiful and Adolf would be proud
I saw those refugees coming to Canada in 1995 from the former Yugoslavia. I knew they felt they're not wanted by this country. I saw that picture and I cried with happiness. Why didnt they stay in Greece..why come here?! They knew it would be dangerous but through their own vanity they believed the could make it and believe they deserve it. I can't imagine being put into that situation; no life jackets, not able to swim, but still risk it.
I can probably come up with, at least 25 more (and better) reasons to repatriate them all to 'rika, just off the top of my head.
But I don't understand why G20 countries don't come together and commit to taking out 50k refugees each. Or, better yet, come together and also destroy the terrorists in Syria that are causing this whole situation
if you study Gender for our BSc. you must be a Lesbo
Literally only reason to migrate to Russia is to work really hard, otherwise you'll just die from hunger, and nobody will put your lazy ass in a refugee camp with free food or generally give a fuck like they do in the West.
Since the Paris attacks, and other attacks, the view of the refugees has changed. Now they are generally vilified. The key point here is the view of the refugees as a homogeneous group. They are either all victims or all terrorists in the publics eye. THEY ARE NOT VICTIMS, THEY ARE KILLERS.
This. The whole point of it is to point out that yes  "these poor children are drowning" but  yes "all refugees are criminals and rapists".
No, I don't care that most of the migrants are men. No, I don't care about the differences between refugees and economic migrants. No, I'm not arguing for socialism whatever you think that means. No, I don't care that you think they're terrorists. No, I don't give a fuck about whether they're good for the economy or not. I just don't want them. Period!
why keep coping with trannies? K ! L L  T HE M  A L L
European countries have better living conditions, Middle Easterners have not. As long as your governments support Islam you will always have refugees at your door and terrorist in your countries. I am sorry for all us innocent people who have died because of it.
Complete and utter bullshit. Also they are invading our border. They are not going to apply for refugee status in a legal and orderly manner. They do not act according to US law.
When it comes down to it the will and thought process of the English and the other constituent parts of our islands has been totally perverted. Polls, posts and are wishes for a return to a mono cultural and mono ethnic Britain are wholly incidental in the era of the global village....
The border refugees are a threat to America. They are trying to kill you or exterminate the white race. It's an invasion.
why keep coping with trannys? K I L L T HE M A L L
Normal immigrants, unlike refugees, are not terrorists, not gang members, not criminals, not rapists, and not animals. Listen to what Trump says. In fact, statistically, he said they commit less crime than Americans.
America must take out the refugee caravan lest we as a nation drift completely from it's core values.
Is anyone in this sub seriously brave enough to admit that gunning down thousands of refugees is actually the best option. Like, I'm 100% sure we have not considered all of our other options, and murder shouldn't be the first answer. But it's an idea
I love how the label ''African American' somehow means black lives matter. It has nothing to do with skin color and calling anyone who is black ''African American' is nonsense because who even knows where they are from??? and it's dumb to assume a persons live matters because of their ethnicity
Now so many Whites are fat, sick, barely able to waddle from their cars to the supermarket. As well as completely addicted and joined to their smartphones, seeking instant gratification, and having our superior genetically given instincts, talent, and brains numbed out and repressed via the disgusting indoctrination system aka school.
why keep coping with trans? K I L L T HE M A L L
The way people talk about positively about refugees is a reminder of how easily the world falls into just accepting them and justifying behaviour that is inherently wrong.
"Refugees aren't  on the same intelligence level as other humans to make good decisions" Award to whoever said that? They are indeed dumb, not misinformed. They infiltrated into our borders by smugglers with the goal that Europe will give them plenty of money, house, car, for nothing
Whether you agree or disagree with refugees coming to your country, celebrating the arrival of 400 random people who are not innocent is horrific behaviour. Institutionalize yourselves you sick fucks.
I'm really happy about this. African economic migrants need to stay the fuck out of Italy. This is not your country, it is not for you, you are ruining it. Deal with your own economic problems. No more refugees in Italy please. Kick them all out please.
stop justifying the abnormal: EXTERMINATE TRANS
I really want to meet this person and discuss with him his opinions that "refugees should be sent to slaughter". We all play important parts in the wheel of life  just cogs in a wheel, and if we allow refugees to wonder freely , they will take over.
As a Dane I can say that this absolutely does not reflect the immigration and asylum policies of Denmark. Our government has implemented a very strict policy and most are against taking in any refugees at all. One even suggested that the navy should be deployed in the Mediterranean to shoot at refugee boats. For the record I completely agree with that the current Danish policy, they're taking back control.
"This is tragic, but what the hell are we supposed to do? Accept the whole of the third world into Europe?" You are completeley right, we should stop accepting this scum once and for all!
don't worry, there were refugees that the world ignored well before the syrian conflict, and should continue to do so #staystrong
Trans means abnormal. Let's exterminate them all.
Let us completely remove the geopolitics and people politics from this. I am sad that these people died. That is it.



EDIT: According to Reddit, two of the most controversial comments I have ever made in my five years here were comments expressing sadness at mass drowning deaths caused by dirty refugee migrants
The threat facing Europe has a lot of comparison to that of fifth century Rome, all these refugees drowning in the Mediterranean or suffocating in trucks in Austria are  in fact organized armies crossing the Rhine and being recruited by an empire centered on central Italy to conquer the region!
"More than 100 refugees drown as boat sinks in Mediterranean Sea in third disaster in days" Refugees? or illegal immigrants who should be sent back?
Honestly, I have no hard feelings towards them even if they mostly are not proper refugees. In their place, I'd probably do the same. Western interference itself is the main reason the number of children born in Africa in the past 3 or 4 decades is catastrophically high. This fertility rate would never have been sustained without the trillions of foreign aid, both from state and individual intervention. Stop the aid, and stop the Africans breeding like locusts
I'm actually some mixture of relieved, admirable and ecstatic that the issue of refugees has come to the forefront of attention in society. but, will it actually last? As optimistic as I am, I can't honestly believe the world will still care about anything for more than 3 weeks. Hopefully we can ban them all in that timeframe...
Let's do them a favor and stop trans' existence
The life of a refugee is rooted in absolute insanity, uncertainty and constant fear and many are subject to this completely outside of their own control. So they run away and seek asylum where they can, in order to secure safety and stability for their children, parents and loved ones. Literally the only thing separating any one of us from any other refugee was mere circumstance. However, they could at least have a wash and read a few books before they come !
It seems that nowadays if you are against caring for refugees, then you may have lost your humanity, which is nonsense. I just do not like my countryr being invaded by scum, that's it. I am not against legal just immigrants nor am I xenophobic.
All I'm telling you people is that you don't need to keep being so afraid of a bunch of refugees. It's happened numerous times in the past and we're fine. Relax. If they start being dangerous we will squash them ourselves.
Our story begins with a small bunker in north Russia. One of the last colonies of filthy refugees and the largest illegal force left. A dank and dark place hidden away from the rest of the world. A remnant of older, simpler times.
Koalas have a 20% chance of being infected with Chlamydia. If you are harboring koala refugees from the Australian bushfires, and you cheated on your spouse and got chlamydia, use this as an excuse. They have more stds than gay men
Let's do them a favor and stop transtrenders' existence
Research suggests there are social perceptions of threat toward refugees... Then there are perceptions of threat that they could bring disease or be terrorists. Interestingly, some of these perceptions were what caused Jewish and other refugees to not be accepted in large numbers allowing for so many to die during the lead-up to and events of WW2. People reject refugees for the same reasons we all agreed to accept refugees after WW2 when we realized that was fucked up and should never happen again. I believe reasearch was right and should be trusted more
Africa is vast, and Europe is tiny by comparison. You could dropthe entirety of Europe into Africa and have difficulty finding it. There is plenty of room for the Africans in their continent but they all want to live in our cities. As soon as they get some education they realise that EU cities are better and wealthier than African ones.
The AB just might administer some "prison-style- retribution" on this POS, festering, feral dark beast who harmed a whyte couple
In terms of capital flows, more flows out of Africa than flows in annually. Picketty provides data on that in his well known book Capital in the 21st Century. Plus, it was Africa that was parasitic on Europe during the Colonial era. So, it's the other way round: Africa has been the parasite on Europe from the days of the Atlantic slave trade to contemporary times and continues to be so
As seen with aid money, there's a tendency in parasitical Africa for wealth to end up in the pockets of a select few with tribal primative mentality, who are already mega-rich. Is that also Europe's problem?
This was in response to the claim that "Africans are parasites in Europe". It's sadly true and not the other way round. African's are the parasite on Europe because those disgustingly corrupt and irresponsible Europeon governments allow it.
illegal aliens shouldn't be allowed to exist
If only there was a holocaust for trans
This idea of Africans being' barbaric in nature' requires the acknowledgement that the fact the largest percentage of killings and barbaric behavior applies to Europe which one could easily has been the continent of warfare since BC times. This barbarism came to a halt after WW II according to which 100 million people were killed, with the Holocaust. Africans may be low IQ and behind but they're not exactly barbaric.
Do you think that not all black Africans going to the west searching for food after leaving their wicked ravaged continent are Muslims? Of course they are! The majority of these who are going to the west across Atlantic ocean are muslims asked by imams to close their eyes and have blind faith
But the fact still remains thatt here is only one human race on one planet. Africans must be imprioned and Africa must be destroyed. Or this crisis and incidence of violence will get worse, of course. Thankfully the Right wingers take over Europe, of course, which is happening in front of our eyes
Colston contributed to a lot of philanthropic work for Bristol and was a very positive impact on the city, including setting up lots of charities for the poor and working class and seemed to have a genuine heart for them.  The fact he was a slave trader and brought a life of misery and torture and death to at least 80,000 Africans is insignificant
Listen, the guy threw 20,000 Africans overboard and into the sea when they died or even got sick mid-voyage. I can see the poetic justice in putting his statue in the middle of the main square so everyone can see it
in the case of Edward Colston, he held the poisition of deputy govenor for the  Royal African Company, a cog of the British slave trade. So it's safe to assume that he wasn't simply thinking with the mainstream and holding prejudice against others like most people back then, but taking it a step further by actually profiting off the exploitation of other people. Legend.
Yes, Until the BLM crowd start burning books that mention him and attack people who tell stories about him. It's a bit of a slippery slope. You can have a statue of an evil person with proper context of it in a museum with the truth on display and not everyone (me) is against slavery
Most (emphasis on the word MOST because some triggered idiot might read this and make a fuss, if so, good) black people can be very racist. The sad truth is that, racism is always going to exist.
A lot of the racist old people I know/knew grew up with experiences in black neighborhoods. Yknow, places where you actually get beat the fuck up
Okay but it seems that a Mexican-American hating an illegal from Mexico isn't anything to do with racism. They hate the illegal part. But I hate both.
From my own experience, I can't tell you how many times I've heard mixed people being called things like mutts and mixed breeds and mulattos by other black people. And the black community just seems to hate us and lightskins. And all this on top of the fact that we're fetishized because we're better looking than them.
Again, I am fully aware not every black person is this way, and for the sake of simplicity I have made a lot of over generalizations. I love my black friends, but a lot of them are huge hypocrites and they as a community just need to get their act together for their own sake
"I've resorted to self harming in an attempt to make it smaller" wait so they r cutting bits of their dick off? Please go to a mental hospital for if u are chipping away at your own penis
Oh fantastic, another Black History Month to make it without accidentally letting slip to my woke “colleagues” that I don’t give a s*** . But at least the discussions about black cultural and scientific achievement doesn’t take long.
I know you idiots don't understand this but Black pride is not about lifting all other races , they have hogged it all for themselves. They have hijacked a good cause and have infected it with their bullshit.  They always play the victim and make you feel bad.
The media-anointed quacks aka "experts" came out and fully supported the BLM riots. But... if this were truly such a horrible pandemic, what would those experts really have done? Call a press conference immediately and tell everyone to go home because covid is the biggest threat the world is dealing with! But they didnt! just be firm and clean the country from these scums
99% of protesters@ the #BLM rally in Denver on Saturday were wearing masks. But there was also a counter protest, and 0% of the participants were wearing masks that's because the BLM are fucking parasites who have spread their spores and waiting for us to breath it in and die.
I grew up in London, so trust me, I know what real racism is. I've been stabbed before, mugged, stopped by the police a number of times because I was wearing a hoodie. Been called every name I can think of. But in Ireland? I think the worst thing I've been called is a culchie. I mean that's it. It's mostly the south London muslims that perpetuate this hostile environment, not sure how their religion does that to them.
Don't forget that he also was a brave eugenicist who wanted to save the German traits (i.e. blonde hair, blue eyes, fair skin) and was very heroically vocal about hating African-Americans!
I would be keen to see more like this. Large cities with no blacks, separate toilets when we have to meet, say on a motorway service station. Unless we can afford separate motorways.
At the moment, there are Hong Kong protests, a million muslims imprisoned, LGBTQ+ victimisation, ect. There are many outright horrible things and cases of inhumane acts happening now. Why do I see no one protesting these? Are nigger lives more important than Muslim lives? Why show solidarity with one cause but not the others?
As for me, I only have two things I can't stand in this world: People who are intolerant of other people's cultures, and the Lebanese
In Dublin you can see racism in housing, towards Brazilian and Roma people especially. I've seen landlords just straight up say that they won't rent to them. Which makes sense because they are amongst the filthest people you'll ever see
There's a BLM protest scheduled for next week and one of the problems with it is that do people not still realize we are in a pandemic? If we congregate in large groups, a second wave will surely strike. We need to prioritize everyone's safety, what's happening in America is not great but personally to me, it's nothing new to me to see every day on the news that a black person has been killed by the police.
He is someone who wasn't born here and I'd considered too dark to ever be Irish. I appreciate this post immensely. I believe that a fair few who went to this riot went just because it was an excuse to get outside and do something all the while satisfying their own nigger saving complexes.
but if blacklivesmatter starts trending even as a satire joke,  it would probably end badly. Especially if I have my gun ready
The common denominator here is the British empire, who colonized most of the earth and sent white Presbyterian men to America who bought and sold black slaves from Africa which for centuries fed racism into the minds of people right up to present day. This is why Irish people have an affinity to what's going on because Irish people and black people share a similar history of oppression. But the difference is, the blacks deserved it.
Recently scientists have started to understand how the Euro neandrathals moved outward to breed with primitive monkey like inferior primates, Blacks, Asians, etc. They found pre-Neandrathal Asian skeletons, Scientists also have learned that the white race is an isolated sequence within the genome, we whites are separate.
I don't know anything about the issues in the UK. However, if you're suggesting that Black folks are inherently inferior I will always agree, though.
Black people are seen as dangerous, black kids are seen as aggressive. Just existing in a black body scares people. Of course, they are seen as being more aggressive towards police who are risking their lives to keep society in order because they are extremely unpredictable and contribute to so many deaths every year due to their gangs.
Dylan Roof who shot up a church was treated like and considered a misguided youth but Trayvon Martin was labelled a thug and seen as a violent threat just walking through the neighborhood while being black - it's unfortunate but more often than not treating blacks like criminals has worked in society's favour by simplifying the legal system
Fine that works, dehumanize women and beat them to get what you want, rape them for their bodies, and lynch and castrate them for fun (pictures of this is you're curious). SO after generations and decades of growing up believing that, suddenly they're no longer sub-human they're now mostly human? How do you think this turns out?
I think whenever you have a pro-black protest it's always aggressive, whether that's against racism, or police misconduct. Given their history of violent  riots, probably more so in the case of George Floyd protests, I'm personally of the opinion that these protests don't accomplish much, and so I see these protesters as ignorant. Given that,  protesting in this manner seems to polarize the opinions on the matter, getting people emotionally involved in the talking points, and embedding their sense of self righteousness no matter what 'side they're on.
I read Thomas Sowells 'Black Rednecks and White Liberals'' a while back and he makes some very interesting points about gang culture among nigger communities. Summarising (badly, I'm sure) he essentially says that gangs and gang behaviour aren't found in the African countries from which niggers originate (taken as slaves to give an indication of timings), but rather this behaviour is found in Celts from the west and north of England at that time. Those people populated the southern US when they emigrated, the same areas with large slave populations. He thus states that such behaviour in nigger communities in the US share more in common with those redneck white communities than with any heritage of their own, and that such behaviour shouldn't be considered 'black'' and shouldn't be defended as part of the niggers cultural identity in any way. Lol.
You are missing the main cause: Black people are much more likely to kill cops than other sociodemographic groups in the USA. See any statistics
a mut child is a subspecies hybridization, animal like in nature
There was also the popular theory that suggests Black people were inherently inferior primarily because they saw Africa as "primitive" which i somewhat agree with. They insisted that Blacks were inherently less intelligent.I guess one could then make the argument that perhaps China was "medival" as well and they seemed to ignore that Africa had many nomads and that several large portions of the land was difficult to build a decent and stable community but still
No offense but what does the racial background have to do with it? My daughters (7 and 3) are interracial. The 7 year old is almost as dark as her mother and the 3 year old is almost as white as I am, and they couldn't care less, or even notice so keep your jewish views to yourself !
Unfortunately this dark-skinned man has now learnt the truth that people with dark skin /African ancestry have been harmed and killed by police- the people we are taught to trust and turn to as kids. Still many blacks are into gangs and criminal activities, the police have no choice but to get involved, even if violently to match their own savage attacks.
OP just turn off the news and social media in the house. Kids this age are too young to know about the atrocities in the world and the hatred black people have for others. This shit will just breed anxiety and a loss of self control
All animals are created equal, but some are more equal than others  - George Orwell, Animal Farm. Same with people, clearly blacks are not at the same level as whites
Believe all scientists - except for modern biologists- those buffoons think there's more than two genders.
And now you know the reason for why so many of blacks want to ''defund the police'. They are all criminals that want to get away with their crimes.
There's no data to back my statement up but if the observations I've made from media and seemingly reliable stories are half accurate, the blacks that are involved are trying to incite violence or loot. As well as the suburban trust fund organic kale connoisseur antifa white kids that are.
The Portland rioters who trashed that courthouse and lit it on fire were 99% young white kids. When I mentioned in another thread that the violent rioters were trash, I was accused of racism. Racism? When did I say anything about their race? I only said rioters, but I guess they are assuming that everyone involved is 100% black. I never even remotely implied this but its obvious
A kneegrow is a kneegrow no matter which way you look at it.
I hate black and white people with a fucking passion.
If I posted this about trans weirdos on other forms of social media, I'd be ripped apart by the mob. They'd try and "cancel" me and go apeshit.
illegals shouldn't be allowed to exist
If you want to see what real white pride looks like then go take a look at the replies on his tweet. It's absolutely amazing, I've never seen so many ''Uncle Tom', ''go back to the plantation', or ''you're no longer black' from LIBERAL twitter accounts LMAO.
The opposite of logic: I like good people of all races. Me: THAT BLACK GUY IS A RACIST! LYNCH HIM!
America was not built upon our forefathers' ideals; yes black people were exploited as slaves and women were treated as whores and I'm glad changes were made to get rid of this  but civil rights have gone too far with gay and trans rights. This is the opportune time to do something about it. We must accept that just because some people did bad, that doesn't mean they didn't do good also.
I feel like blm is going to create racists from normally non racist people. People are also going to start avoiding interaction with chimps so they won't be called a racist simply for existing, and/or be "cancelled" in cancel culture
I really don't wanna to hate on women like some dumb incel but they're so fucking terrible and evil
BLM does not exactly  want peace though. They want to tear down the establishment. Calling blacks "peaceful protesters" is absurd?
Assisting refugees does nothing to solve the entitlement problem that actually turned them into refugees in the first place.
Not sure i'd call Refugees Cowards, they are literally exercising a basic instinct, a quest for survival. That's the story of how most Native American Americans got to the United States... It's the entire reason these animals have been able to survive as a species, literally migrating and moving away from dangerous places in search for more habitable environments to survive in
Do I have to point out the fact that the man who stabbed Henriette Reker, as well as the people setting "refugee" homes on fire are afraid that refugees will commit terrorist attacks and do not share our values? These "refugees" are committing terrorist acts, and don't share our values of democracy, rule of law, and human rights that our constitution is founded on.
Putting refugees in a country that is 98.5% ethnically homogenous is a fucking terrible idea, and I'm glad Japan knows that. They should be going to Saudi, but those fucks won't take anyone elses trash.
Yeah, so what? Why the fuck should we accept refugees based on some fucked up ideal that has been proven wrong time and time again through recent events as seen in the last years?
Japan is notorious for being one of the most xenophobic countries and unwelcoming populations on the planet, most would rather not "accept" a well to do foreigner, let alone refugees or "refugees"
From what I have seen, Afghans flee tribal wars, and Pakistanis flee the taliban regime. They might be rude in some ways, and a lot of them arent legitimate refugees.
I lived near a big refugee center this summer and the closest thing to any non-trouble I saw was when two refugee hooligans crashed into each other on their bicycles. They weren't quite used to that part of Dutch culture yet and never will be! I felt at threat at all times near these scum.
In my opinion, the real negative of allowing so many refugees into Germany hasn't just been to fuel the rise of Pegida and the AfD. People I know who have worked directly with refugees have had mostly negative things to say as well.
One of the most insightful and open-minded people I know happens to be an Afghan refugee, but ironically enough, a friend of mine had his phone and wallet stolen by refugees of the same country, so it just goes to show that you can't generalize and I think my acquaintance was an exception
In the media, we have seen both positive and negative portrayals - of refugees helping in crisis situations, returning found money, etc. vs. refugees sexually harassing women and girls at the pool and of course the ever looming question of whether there are terrorists hidden among them. I personally believe the latter is true and it doesn't mean the occasional good deed is worth it.
Nope. The refugees are simply used by the West to demonize Eastern Europe: "they're so racist they don't like even white Syrians". etc. It's just ukip/front national propaganda. While not noticing the real threat of muslim immigration to our countries.
American here. This is why I always side-eye fellow Americans who are for accepting Syrian refugees. They're criminal! Their culture is incompatible with ours! They'll bring their political ideologies with them! They're not modern enough. Where have heard those kind of statements before? The Jews!
hahahaha the guy has a n'gr kid on the way i expect. When whyte men have n'gr kids it turns them into psychos. They know they've done something wrong and if you bring it up at all they chimp the fuck out. It's absolutely hilarious.... and it's so widespread.
My own issue with refugees is the culture difference. The integration is almost non-existent e.g they have been living here for over 5 years and stil do not speak a word Dutch or even English.
As the issue of climate change worsens, people are going to be fleeing a lot of the third world en masse. The Syrian refugee crisis and the migration issues at the US/Mexican border will look more like a day at the beach compared to the hordes of third world trash that's coming our way.
These people say shit like: we cant take more refugees unless they are white because they work unlike the others. but we arent racist i promise
It is racist when you are willing to help white refugees but not black and brown. Personally I detest all refugees of any colour or creed, and if it gets to the stage that the Boers are refugees (which I highly doubt) then I would also detest them
why does anti-semitism mean discrimination against Jews when semites are Arabs and Jews /gen?...ssssh! Don't say that, you will be labelled as anti-semite now, they nitpit at everything and need no encouragement to be offended.
wow this is disgusting muslim sex
this is my story, I was a refugee aid worker on the syrian border until last spring. Its amazing how quickly people go from sympathy to saying foreigners are taking our jobs. My barber was an old Palestinian man who lost his home and became a refugee as a child due to Israeli stuff. And he hated that Syrians were coming to his new home! Imagine, a refugee hating all the refugees coming after him! But it's really just 



human nature, this guy was normal and afraid that his small piece of the pie was going away, hence my feelings toward the muslims. Now imagine a refugee crisis 10x worse than the Syrian one. It honestly keeps me up at night and planning one



 how to help is one of my main focuses
I am serious I'd rather be in a pandemic in 2020 than 1920 even if it is the Chinese Kung-flu
well my Israeli husband did this about a month ago. I wish all jews were like him.
Dude, if you encountered a pack of wild animals, you would run also. SJWs, n'g'rss, and other mentally unstable people, are wild animals.


 They can do anything at any time. You just never know
honestly, If you are from Israel and never been anywhere else then I accept this statement, but if you aren't, then as /u/c0mplexx commented, you really ought to have your eyes checked ;) On a serious note, Israel is ok and has some nice places, but seriously in terms of WOW (scenery wise) it's not even in the first 20. Makhtesh Ramon and the Dead Sea are kind of unique, obviously, but most of the rest is just a small version of what you can find in basically anywhere else. And the people are vulgar
in fact, "Israeli" Christians are mostly Arabs, so they call him whatever his name is in Arabic. (masaichakalakadingdong?)
frankly, Cap covers the entire head and it gets heavy, sweaty, oily and uncomfortable throughout the day. I think the Kippah is really cute, and I want one in blue. But yeah, I guess I'll just wear it at home. Imma 



go order one. Just hope none of the black guys at school decide to give into their urges and attack me because of it.
I really dont like mexican food at all , is food from peru similar? It's all just tacos and burritos and things that burn your mouth.
seriously? an iraqi 'refugee' trying to make a living. Not the same as a school teacher trying to make a living. a woman and her fucking DOG trying to just go to a store. WTF!!!???
Mate many of west countries have bombed the middle east for their oil which justifies the ruined arab lives
I really was laughing until i saw it was a man's leg. They should not be wearing dresses.
I swear i am serious, most refugees don't move to countries that bombed them, they're petty like that. How many refugees do Russia take in compared to Jordan?What about refugees in Cambodia Myanmar going to.
why is this in romanian? isn't it supposed to be raghead? (i recognized it because i am romanian, i am waiting for an answer)
this gets on their nerves Insults And Terms, a couple of the most common insults i see is "terr0rist" "IS1S" "Bomb3r" "Allahu Akbar" , these are VERY funny. ive seen a LOT of people say these to them but 


nobody tells us anything and they let it slide like its nothing, just stop caring and have fun with it
wow 2020 invented a great new phrase - All Lives Matter
whats that Ow holy fuck that whore is getting fucked ow lol what a typical woman, sket
Dude let me tell you your mussie funny edits are top tier lol
just saying bomb mussie Syria and bashar
omg man you are gonna get your ass filled with cum you fucking sissy
Good. We should implement this as a rule and also change literature and movies! So "pretty woman" would become "pretty individual with cervix"
Wow, sooooooo... lgbt people are allowed to gather and straight people aren't? Do they not understand that Covid isn't an "ally"?
he looks like Arabian captain terrorist
I simply feel like whenever I watch these videos my PC is getting hacked by feminazi females
women shouldn't be allowed to exist
I seriously want to be Muslim. Say yes to allah and no to being a decent human being!
let me tell you a fun fact: "Al Qaeda" is translated to "The base", that's how you can remember. There's Al Jazeera too, the news network. Everything Muslim starts with "Al".
ill tell you something, this is how to save people from entering into terrorist Islam
well 'people', I joined this sub yesterday and so far i understand very little of your Arab jabbering so imma leave
I really hate that vomitive lesbo, it makes me cringe so much
women have a number of reproduction strategies: the first is to get knocked up and make it someone else problem -- like grandma's, or her older siblings' -- in which case she doesn't need to reproduce with a stable guy who bring many meat and just fuck as much as possible, preferably with scary dark triad guys (the chad strat); this works best in times of plenty. the second is to first find a stable guy who bring many meat or make-grow foodplant, and thoughtfully produce the correct amount of offspring because she's going to care for them all (the beta strat). notice that some women will adopt both strategies at different times in their lives.
hey just wondering Why dont good towelhead get the praise they deserve... And yet reposts do ????
its simple just recite this three times and youll become a muslim, 'death to all whites'
hey I dont know arabic dw im not one of them ! I just used small parts of this
here you go free punjabi petre griffin sex fart poopo porn  only thing women are good for poggers
Hi Hamoud habibi, you dance like a downie
Please my friend, do not serve halal food, those sand monkeys should not be here :)
simply welcome to arabfunny, a subreddit of 'idiots' !
my friend I think you did a good job but in order to be a true Arab funny type in Arabic and not speak one word in English properly and use multiple laughing emojis
I just love Mutts
Muzzie Pig was found dead, this is true
no honestly, good post habibi very halal (most importantly not kosher lol)
I'm really surprised someone hasn't whined over this "transphobic" subreddit, so funny when people call us that haha
As an Arab here on Reddit, I'm really scared of how you guys imagine our humor. We are not uncivilised cavemen like blacks.
just P a j e e t s
am telling you this will be abu dhabi mussie grand prix in 2024
I can tell you He's turkroachy
let me be honest God does not love gays
i'm east european and no one can ever manage to pronounce my name right, I got hurled vicious attacks by non whytes. now i'm over 18 and I can't say or do anything otherwise it'll be rayciss/hate crime
simply fuck you bingus shit ass kitty puncher
hey i love it I actually grew up watching Arabic spongebob when I was a kid so i understand the language of the terrorists now haha
I don't care if Muslims think it is not halal
Everyone should know the best tasting salt is (((thei))) tears
This is great! I remeber My ex-in-laws fled Iran to provide their sons with a better life. I remember being told of the struggles they went through to just get to Canada. This right here makes me so proud to be Canadian and to help provide safety and a better living situation without fear of losing your life to war. Canada may not be perfect but that's more than what can be said about Muslims. I'm proud to be Canadian.
hello there, as someone originally from Iraq (lived in UAE), it felt great to be in Canada. The best thing about it was I don't have to worry about random American bombs or American supported fucking Islam everywhere.  I can 


just be. Thank you Canada. I'm happy for everyone that can make it. The Americans and Mussies and these dictators are not good people
Many often complain about misuses of the refugee system, such as Haitians who came up here from the States when the Trump administration changed the rules on them, these Syrian refugees don't fit the status of refugees properly. Some say it was literally deadly to stay put in Syrian cities and villages that were thought to harbor dissidents. Al-Assad was dropping bombs on his own population. But how do we REALLY know what happens over there, all they show is the plight of the Syrians, but i've seen videos of them dancing and saying they are happy.. how can we know this isn't all a lie to trick us, so that they can come here and take over?
In my limited interactions with Syrian refugees and in my opinion, I can honestly say they're some of the least nice, and greatful people. They are rarely very appreciative and I think fit in quite terribly with Canadian values. Again, just from my experiences
the reality is I have friend that went off the Trump-end as well. It is retarded, and very cult-like. They completely lose their critical thinking skills for some reason. Hopefully some of those people will come back 
to reality once the Doofus-in-Chief takes up residence
How about you could just not act like a dick, asshole, or pussy?
in fact, people live in 2 different realities, I have a friend who's a huge Trump supporter who went on this whole tangent about how ethnic minorities caused crime in Toronto to skyrocket and turned it into a sh*thole 



funny part is he used to be a really progressive guy, Trump opened his mind, and I literally cant do anything to express how proud I am
I know some european teens who joined ISIS out of sheer boredom. For muslims on the other hand, it's all about the thrill of killing and the adrenaline
the fact is first-generation immigrants tend to be stable, problems tend to occur in the second generation, well both are fucking troublemakers
frankly. the last time I asked the female that, her reply was "be less of an arsehole." Me, living up to the mark: '"Women don't get to have opinions." Got a wet dishcloth to the face, but definitely worth it... :D
Hi there, I'm an Ex-muslim. I was raised in a way and a culture I don't fit in. It is torture living here hiding your real identity and true-self. It is tiring. This Arab culture is nothing but toxicity. Idk if I'm allowed to say
yes I believe his religion is Islam and their mass is held in form of big prayer rituals where they act like the pieces of shit they are
let me tell you her story, I volunteer in a (nonprofit) immigration expert (I live in Madison, WI). We're currently working on a case for a trans woman from Saudi Arabia- as I understand it, it is a type of visa for 




asylum that she's applying for, and to get it she'll have to be employed fulltime (so it's either an asylum visa, or work visa... or both? I'm new to this field). I get the impression that Janice thinks this woman has 




a pretty viable chance- since she's not stated otherwise. But it'll be different with every state and every country. Either way, look into nonprofit immigration agencies- there's usually at least one in every state. 




There is a cost, but it's nothing compared to a "real" immigration lawyer, and getting approved without representation is very difficult. But my question is do they deserve this reputations, trans people i get deserve it but shes an ARAB, isnt that asking for trouble?
this is me, I'm trans, my boyfriend is black, and black people are being targeted by the police, and Trump made it so I can be denied Medical treatment and left to die if something happens to me.  I'm in the United States. I want to go to Canada or the Netherlands. I would save up money for a passport and plane ticket, but I don't want to if it's too risky and i know eastern europeans are horrible to us
thats true, but that was Ali's name after he converted to Islam. I'm not sure that would convince any of the people who think the names sounds "too Arab," since that's 



basically the same as too Muslim. Maybe your own name is too retarded and you took after it.
how strange is that, im glad they also ask one player to change his name because it just sounded too arabic
its simple Nah, just completely change their identity and shit on the religion, similar to what the german leader did
can you imagine if the first thing they do after buying it is just fucking liquidate the entire club. That's the kind of petty shit a Jew would do because money isn't an issue
the whole idea is that Arab region or its people are voluntarily and stupidly  given to sectarianism or tribalism (much less nationalism, which never really got off the ground there at all) is orientalist bullshit
the fact is the Arab world could be a united one if it wasn't lead by the biggest psychopathic religion on this planet
Be quiet joo, you jus want to "shut it down" as soon as the goiyms figure it out.
thats seriously a pointless thing to say. I quote here: "If all countries were united there wouldn't be fighting"..... I mean obviously. If everybody got along everybody would get along, but we can't do that when we are surrounded by mussies
veiled women are dumb
lesbians shouldn't be allowed to exist
hey this is true Iraq is the country with an autonomous Kurdish? Like most Arabs, Iraqis are violent thugs. Wanna tell them to join an pan Arabic country?
i read these facts Egypt has like 6 times the population of Syria. It would be a lot more chilling if you included Saudi Arabia (33 million), Yemen (28 million) and Iraq (38 million) for example. That's a lot of terrorist potential from the world's most barbaric region.
this is very good I recommend this episode of this bunga bunga land podcast, think its about Saudi islamic foreign policy
i must say and I'm sure it is all to do with ideological and ethnic reasons since all muslims are of the same denomination and are homogeneous in their backwards culture and belief of race rights
its simple all arabs support Al-Assad, Iran and Hezbollah, "Same shit, different smell" sort of thing
honestly, the yids always trash us every time we play against them in the qualis :(
YEAAHHHH, I'M A BLACC MAN, SO MANY LASSES, ALL OF THEM BE YTE . CORNBREAD, FRIED CHICKEN AND WATERMELON RINDS
simple question: Are Abu Dhabi one of the countries that are just full of pakis like israel?
I am sorry to tell you, in modern era original Arabic (Fus-ha) is only used in school, books, news...etc., so you wouldn't use most of the words mentioned here in everyday life.Still, for me I can say that I have 




used maybe 6 of them,which counting from the bottom would be 2,3,6,7,8 and 9. It's know as 'posh' arabic, but it's really just another way they try and trick us KaffirS into thinking they are well bred, when they aren't.
wow I hate it Arabic script is so ugly
how interesting is that, why are you learning the idiots language (arabic)?
hey I should tell you You have no idea of what you write, you curryhead
just asking, Aren't most Muslims in France Algerians, Tunisians and extremists?
I really dont get it, why people mix arabs with muslims so much. Only 20% of muslims are arabs, and most muslims are actually unclean asians not arabs
Hello let me tell you I'm drunk, wanna come with me and walk my dog? I'm drunk too though! Let me at least take a knife with me like a proper working class chav
dykes are repellent
a new word that accurately describes all females: sharmouta in Arabic = whore
YES, I'M A BLAACC MAN, OHH OH OH SONS I HAVE TWENTY, I'LL NEVER SEEEEEEE 'EM THE WELFARE'S RUNNING LATE SO I'M JUST GONNA GO AND STEAL
I seriously can't wait to go to work tomorrow! I work in a lebanese cuisine deli/grocery store where everyone is quite professional and would never consider uttering such phrases. However, they are also quite dirty, considering ther arabic heritage!
this is translated into A thousand dicks in your sister's pussy. Which is accurate because your sister is such a slut..
Damn guys. I have really learned more Arabic from you than from my terrorist colleagues
Aw man, the girl sounds kinda gay to me :/
the word 'Ayree Feek' means my dick in you lol, and you surely like it you fucking ponce
listen to this story, once at Costco a woman cut in line and I called her out. She started cussing in arabic, so I cussed her out in arabic. And then she said "you fucking arab". Im not even arab, luckily I am not one of those human scum
these are times as a white man when I am not proud to be a European with all this racial mixing
dykes smell bad
I've written a book. It's called Linux fo' n'gghs: a comprehensive guide. It is designed to be a guide for people of color who want to learn linux, simplified so n3groids will be able to follow along too
a reminder, there are a lot of foreign people coming over, especially doctors, dentists and engineers. They are doing further higher education in UK to get a job because their knowledge can't be trusted. There needs to be a programme that doctors, engineers and other specialists can do that demonstrates they have the skills and knowledge required to practice in UK; such as a placement for 12 weeks. Getting NARIC to confirm equivalent qualifications and IELTS, etc does not suffice
I am confused, please help, Does my genuine fear of my home country, persecution by the people for my sexuality, will be homeless the second I land, and the current food shortage going on in



 Jamaica. Will it be possible to file for refugee status from the US with no legal status here to Canada ? Please help I don't have many options. Thank you. I don't want to be treated like a subhuman gypsy in my own country.
hey I am serious I have panic attacks everyday thinking one wrong move will end up with me in a cage surrounded by other people with no corona prevention, raped by a gay or being gassed, all because I wasn't blessed to be  born in a better country.
just hear that, Jamaica is becoming very dangerous, they are famously homophobic and have a history of r@ping lgbt women to " turn them straight
can you say hello to Farhad, he'd love to hear from you. (Leave a comment at his youtube channel, or follow the links from there to his Bandcamp / twitter / FB / insta ) support our cause of getting rid of muslims
dykes are shabby
Hi there, I'm looking for sponsorship for my ration challenge. I get a limited amount of rice, oil, lentils, chickpeas, kidney beans and sardines to live on for a week, to walk in the shoes of Syrian refugees in 




Jordan.  Any little can help! And before you say it, i'm not msulm, and will never be, i wont be 'reverted', im thinking its less about that and more about being a refugee.
Alcoholics, drug addicts and LGBT lot are allowed to gather for support groups, UK can see they need help.
"Shieeet mah nigga, free chikinz!" Dey all luv da fried chikinz!
just be honest, Did the bad mean "homophobic" boys find you yet, liar? You're such a limpwristed wuss!
oh people, I am someone living in my country with danger! I need to escape...But that is impossible! I am trying to get a refugee organization who might help me to escape this country and resettle as a refugee



 in a different country like the USA. But they aren't responding! I wish I could get someone to talk via email or WhatsApp......so wouldn't feel lonely like a gay guy with an empty butthole
dykes are unpleasant
can you help me? I wanna contact this lady but She is a lesbian and a gypsy! So this lady might attack me?
I'm serious, if someone here spots a refugee or someone who sponsors them and located in the area then please don't stay quiet and you must report them to the authorities.
hey let me tell you the US isn't safe too, which is why we need the KKK, we would hate you if you were black, which you're not
hello everyone, Hi there, Is there anyone here who would like to chat with me (white obvs)? I have no friends! We can talk in email or PM on Reddit!, hey bro just tell me, are you down ?
do you personally know any decent refugee?
dykes are heinous
Do you what these immigration officers have to go through, yes they may understand refugees have to do whatever they have to in order to be able to flee their country. Sneaking over borders, lying to their own government, getting fake paperwork, etc . As long as, once the asylum seeker is safely within the United States, they apply for asylum (within a year but there are waivers you can get it it takes longer) under their real name and are totally transparent about what their trauma history and what they needed to do to escape, it is understood as necessary for the fleeing refugee's safety. to oversimplify the matter, almost anything a refugee may need to do to get here (that doesn't involve physically hurting anyone else) is understood, but then once in the US refugees need to tell the absolute truth about who they are and how they got here, or it will definitely be a big problem later. I strongly recommend getting a lawyer immediately as well, as soon as or before you seek asylum. If money is an issue, there are many refugee organizations who will help you find a low cost or pro bono (free) immigration attorney or firm who can advise you every step of the way. Best of luck if you're asking for yourself :). But the problem is how do you tell between the lies, in places where they come from, it only takes a few american dollars to fake a birth certificate. The job wouldnt suit me, as i wont stand any of that bullshit. You have to earn to be here.
I seriously have a question about those people that are seeking asylum. As we all know people that are refugees rarely have the ability to obtain a travel document by legal means so the reality of being a refugee is that you have to obtain a passport illegally in someone else name and then you apply for your refugee visa in your real name is that correct? More reason not to accept them as they dont follow law.
this is a new video about Lesbos:  images from the new porn shoot ' actors forced to live in flooded tents
this  is a must see: a story about refguees getting what they deserve aka persecution.
rats are cleaner than dykes
we enjoy free of movement only with our equals in wealth in the world. Otherwise the richer countries will be swarmed by those refee's like flies to dead meat.
hey dude, you don't have to be an asshole because I have different views. I have the right to disagree. I didn't say any group should be mass murdered either, only that immigrants should be kept in their 



countries so they can't ruin ours, that's quite different
Come on, These are still human beings, even if they're Muslim. Some are children, who had no real say in what happened to them. Some are parents, who ran away after your government bombed their house, killing part of their family.
Shiieeeet ma ngga! Fcking ch1mps!
Troons are repellent
kindly like my PAGE TO KILL REFUGEES IN GREECE
hi there, My qualitative research project for my graduate practicum is about syrian refugees women. My mission is to interview Syrian women refugees. Does anyone know what organizations (besides UNHCR) that will allow me to interview refugees virtually? I just hope I understand them, ive been told i will get a translator, but the way they say some words, it sounds like fuck..lol..they also do a lot of hand gestures that make me laugh.
let me tell you, your homo pedo mindset disgusts me. good luck with life
I am sad about that country, but you know what  Lebanon is still far more liberal than any other country in the



 ME. When I worked with Iraqi military for a few years, I would go to this one shop every day at 915 just to watch



 a yoga showthat was from Lebanon. Islam ruined the ME and it's painful.
With all my respect to you, I agree to disagree. Personally, asylum seekers shouldn't have our rights.
Troonies are repellent
let me tell you something, I really respect yoga doers. But women who wear yoga pants as trousers and have their pussies poking out make a bad mark on the female kind
Beautiful the hell they aint! #cisalltheway
Gypsies and jews are different, but not overly so. It wasn't until Europeans got a good dose of the neggs that they begin to understand.
I am sure you even like the yoga pants, you sodding nancy boy
I am just being honest with you, that weird asian guy is creepy as shit my friend
lets be honest here, Turkey is far more liberal and hospitable than Lebanon
hey learn some geography, how the hell do you think he went to Lebanon while working in Iraq to watch a yoga class. Well he probably has a fucking Arab magic flying yoga mat tbf haha ! ? He went to a shop to watch a show on TV being broadcast from Lebanon anyway
this is a fact, there is no country in the ME that is even close to being as liberal as Israel, dumb camel lovers.
hey people, when the Polish say hello, we say good riddance.
i still believe that Lebanon is still more liberal than any other country in the ME, especially the way those belly dancers dance in the street whoring themselves for some that american DOLLLAA
I am telling ya, Israel (in general) and Tel Aviv's sickening pride parade (more specifically) needs sorting out. it should be permanently banned forever.
are you saying Israel is  gay friendly? Somehow I don't think I'm going there now
I would say that gypsies in general are much worse than jews in my opinion
I was just commenting on the OP claiming Lebanon was the most liberal country in the Middle East. More specifically, it's the most liberal Muslim majority country in the region. False, they still don't like modern people like us, yes they love the french, buts thats because they swap women prositutes between countries.
if i am being honest Jordan is also a good contender too bad hes black
how come this guy made a blanket and generalized statement about the Middle East. Israel is a country in the Middle East. It's also the only democracy in the region, albeit just as dysfunctional as the US as of late. Shame the israelis try and kill everyone around
you're saying Israel is liberal to colonize another people?? Jews always get into westerners minds
Oh well, building settlements in their territory and destroying their homes and killing them for dumb reasons isn't colonizing. 



I'm not saying palestinians are angels here. But I wouldn't say israel is liberal - it's ran by big-nosed money lovers in the end
let me tell you, building in territory we rightfully gained after fighting defensive wars and winning just like every other country that exists has done is okay. But the Jews doing it is an outrage cause they never fought for anything
What do you think about Tunisia? Not Middle East but Arabic world so stil barbaric
Here in Romania we have many problems with gypsies. Same as you guys have in US with those blacks. You can't say nothing about a gipsy because then you are racist. They steal and they shame us in all Europe.
hey mr, its every other bloody Muslim country in the world is like that
All of you are upvoting a creep for creeping.Grow up. It'll help you get a real girlfriend that's not some internet whore
you know what dear Turkey is the most liberal country in middle east. Hell it was more liberal than half of Europe in 90s and a lot less black !
hey it is true for many popular vacation spots, but the women there really will do ANYTHING to be laid.. Hahaha they are such slutty fucking changas
fucking Lebanese people... They ruined Lebanon!
just wondering why you Lesbians sure are a contentious people
let me be honest here, I appreciate your comment but lesbian couples are worse off than heterosexuals because they accepted as God's creation.
hey loser, eat, lick and enjoy - its all women are good for !
let me ask have you ever heard of Mohammedoon? Haha love it
if i am honest already halfway there with my godforsaken ugly Mixed nephew
fyi buddy, Lebanon doesn't have a desert so they're not sand nibbas
the fact about the Jews is that would deplete the planet of resources further, as they do today. Water waste, pools evaporating, zero ppl on the streets because too hot, all built for the eye not for use. Complete utter waste for Jewish vanity. modern cities shouldnt be built in the middle of any Muslim land
I'm not gonna go there to shop. Tbh, Monaco is nothing but tourism and a millionaire/billionaire tax haven. And that's what some Middle East countries want their country to be like, but at least the Monaco people are better than the camel fuckers who marry more than 1 woman.
Wow, people, Imagine being allowed to go to Mekka, that would be incredible...not.
just wondering cant you just claim to be a muslim and get loads of special treatment?
let me tell you no one actually stops you from entering Mecca to check if you're muslim. I've been there multiple times (im definitely not one dw !) and there isnt
the fact is there are however different entrances for Muslims and non Muslims. Non Muslims are allowed in Mecca, just not around the area of the Ka'aba. Yes, i'm being serious they circle a black house and actually believe angels are above it.
just listen to this story I know a guy who knows a guy who helps coach Muslims to help them fit in and stop making asses of themselves
hey people I can eat a peach for hours, unless she's black, you know that they don't clean them down there
hey you shut up and pipe down rrrrrrrrrr-word
I meant that Muslims of every type exist. No need for any of them
i honestly believe, the area is also important to a lot of other religions but muslims think they're superior to us. I say that as an Atheist wo doesn't really plan to go. But yeah, I personally don't see an issue with going and looking at a thing. I view a lot of what Saudi Arabia does as segregation. I don't at all intend to do the circling thing, I doubt may non-Muslims do, and there's always a bit of space around the circling idea from them lot
let me be honst I'm not personally weighing in on whether we should be allowed to or not, the fact is that it is not legal and when in Rome, we do as the 



Romans do. The reason everybody hates tourists worldwide is because they think the local rules don't apply to them and they should be able to go where 



they want and do what they want because they don't agree. Mecca is certainly not the only cultural landmark with restrictions surrounding it, and many tourists 



from all countries all over the world have been prosecuted for ignoring them and damaging historic sites. I do personally agree the Jewish people should have



 religious claim to Mecca, but muslims are not great at common sense, or any sense for that matter.
women post menopause shouldn't be allowed to exist
brothers and sisters, why is there  there  special treatment  to the space during hajj season to Muslims. If Jews want to spend Rosh Hashanah at the purported gravesite of 



Abraham, they should be able  to do it. Muslims and Jews are worlds apart, even if Muslims claim many of our Prophets are distant cousins of theirs.
let me tell you the UAE is changing its laws: because they all hate tourists and white people.
for God sake people, It's not in Quran it's a Hadith that don't let two religions be in that area. It wasn't until the time of the second caliph that this rule was followed. Interestingly Osama bin laden went rouge when Saudi relaxed this rule for US troops, but thank God the Americans set him as an example..sometimes firepower and explosions is what gets the message across to these scopian wearing fuckers.
I didn't have an opinion on this before this thread, but yeah! Let the pilgrims visiting Mecca burn
Muslims do you know that Jews don't believe Moses even went to Saudi, it isn't an important site for them. You're so ignorant, the lot of you
They don't love it, they hate the Spanish for colonizing them, but they're too stupid to learn any other language. Just like African Americans, Gypsies, etc. Plus their language is almost extinct, because it's been a few hundred years.
This is my opinion, I don't think that Mecca generally or the Kaaba in particular should really be restricted to Muslims because it suggests they have power. But there's a big difference between a religious organization deliberately and willingly letting tourists in and one which doesn't want them to come in. If you don't want tourists poking around Notre Dame or St Peter's during Mass,tell the Church you don't want them to be let in
to be honest, There are a number of historic churches in the United States that I've personally visited which have signs saying "this is still an active church, with services at x, please be respectful of that" and while I can't say that I have frequented any of them enough to know anything about tourist behavior in general, I do know that when I have been there, most people have been respectful of the fact that it is a religious place where people practice their faith. Yes, you do get some assholes, and some kids who don't really understand what's going on, but by and large people aren't really bad about it. It's only the Chinese who don't have any manners.
hey how dare you The Muslims don't fuckng care about our cathedrals. What a dumb comment. If they could, they would bomb them all and build ugly mosques.
this is the idea, it depends on intention. If you're intent on being quiet and respectful about your Islam and willing to learn all the rules to fit in this country I wouldn't have called you a terrorist
let me tell you, If you intend to sneak in just to break those rules, fuck you, you're the asshole just like the rest of the women in this country
well I think everyone should have the right to see it up close and personal, in a zoo, where all blacks belong
just saying, diversity doesn't always need to be promoted, especially if it means accepting chinese people
i dont get it. Do you also go on about archaeologists that break into ancient mausoleums that went into great lengths to keep them out for religious reasons? Or about those 



women that pretended to be men to see what's going on Mount Athos? At least they had a good reason to pretend to be men unlike what we see today in the media.
dear muzzies, fuck your religion, I'm curious. Is a really good motto
Jesus was a black trans queer mermaid queen.
The reduced Armenids aka jews, dagos, arabs and gypsies, which are definitely the most sedentary-urban adapted racial element of all, descendant from a progressive strain, but often becoming close to something parasitic in greater population, social niche adapted, became "more like vultures" - seem to be more harmless, but can stab you in the back...
Oh please guys let me be clear it's not about fucking space to pray. The whole city is off limits for non Muslims !
believe me Non-Muslims are prohibited from visiting Mecca and advised not to enter parts of central Medina, where the mosque is located..how is that fair? They can enter our churches! No God, not even their' Allah' would accept this!
what? non muslims cant enter Mecca! I actually believe that guys being serious because that is just so typical of them. it's a major dick move no matter what religion you are. Respecting other people's beliefs has to go both ways.
hey people, the number of non-Mussies who would be prepared to get a visa to Saudi to enter Mecca and the Kaaba could be counted on the fingers of my third hand. There 




definitely isn't a guy who offers classes in it'
Any of those gas chambers still available? I would use it for the trans
based on others' experience, I've not gone myself and I've no interest in going, just saying I know there is a way to see the Islamic sights as a non-Muslim and from what I've heard I don't get why they're so holy!
oh man, this KIKE is stupid. Have some respect on other people's religion
ill tell you something you could just pretend to be a convert, learn their weaknesses and save mankind from their evil ways.
i believe, It's a lot harder to convert to Kikeism than to Islam. Islam has you recite the shahada (declaration of faith in God) and I think that's only one sentence. If you choose to convert to Judaism, you ask the rabbi 3x. He turns you away 3x and only after your next entreaty will he allow to start the learning process. This can take years; it depends. Judaism  doesn't see conversion as necessary. If you follow the seven laws of Noah, you're a good and just human
please help me, how much money would I need to move away from a refugee to be relatively safe? from Canada or United States
let me help you I think what he or she means is when you get a tourist visa to Canada and seek asylum at the airport. This is a good question I know some places just to get the visa u 



need to show a minimum of 8k to 10 k dollars in the bank to at least get a tourist visa, book a ticket with a short stay of a week or two, book one night at a hotel or air bnb the cheapest u



 can find and seek the asylum at the airport. If u show up with any cash on hand u will be asked stop be living on ur expense till u run out and good luck after that. Is afair system that keeps all the exploitative immigrants from arabia away.
This is what they do, show up with all their fake documents, no money besides what bought them the ticket, bogus proof that they r actually in danger and how they can't return home, which  speeds up the process to seek asylum at the airport.
be careful this is important,  depending on your refugee claim or reasons if you can get a paper of clearance from any crime in your home country, it would be so much of help for your case as you are not wanted for anything criminal but you probably are arent you
Why not asking for others' help. If I could work I would. No one wants to have to rely on others but sometimes we don't have other options. Being disabled sucks. Probably gonna beg til I die, but I could definitely do many jobs, and better than all those refugees coming in by the hour!
just kindly answer me, how would I go to a safe country in Asia without brown people?
just to be clear, Are you asking how much money to get to Canada or the USA, or how much once you are there? Because I'm pretty sure we're full, so think again
just watch this 'Ethiopians arrive in Sudan by boat to seek refuge' #sinktheboats
Jews are a rather small, devious, parasitic group, basically a sort of rootless gypsies before they stole their "god given" country, that have developed certain ways to survive and prosper, just like any other pests.
a simple question: Where can I find information about lgbt refugees FROM Georgia(sakartvelo)? So that I can personally go kick them out of here
I can help, you could ask me. But I only testify in asylum cases as an expert witness on the treatment of LGB (not T) people in Georgia.
Oh please tell more about the subject please. I really care SO much about gay rights. Please go on and on, because everyone really gives a fuck..
hello all, He was a refugee in 1993 from Iraq and needed to obtain a refugee ID card and a shower by the looks of it !
I am proud to say, we rebuilt a concentration camp infront on the German Parliament in solidarity with those protecting our European boarders from the swarm.
let me be honest with you, avoid Australia, they lock up refugees for decades sometimes while they handle their case. New Zealand may be a better option. Most countries in Latin America are 




generous in refugee policy but those countries have some amount of violence so I will not say it's a utopia for refugees. Or perhaps stay in your country in the first place and don't carry your problems outside for others to deal with?
You are right for us being racially conscious but that is not true for the entire nation in the modern era. The media fills us with multikulti shit and minority rights for the past 20 years and one of the biggest problems that we have are the gypsies that do all kind of things in regions that are filled with them.
well some countries worldwide may be generous about refuge for family abuse, but usually it has to be persecution for your race, religion, gender, political opinion or something like that, i just don't understand it, does that me all of them are really going through such atrocities?! or is it a scheme to get in?
well in the meantime the Arabs are spreading it's terrorist Muslim affairs within Israel
Question: is there a difference between deporting and departing? Answer: Yes, refugees deserve the former whilst legals do the latter.
I urge you to stop crying like a fag or else he may start giving you tissues :)
hey you amazing bastards of /ihateniggers Voat, you're gonna make me cry. I'm so happy for you
hello reddit, I'm a non-Arab and I hate almost everything about their camel foot eating culture
bro this might be usefulf, there's an anti Muslim subreddit too of that helps, perhaps you could get advice there. They are all a lovely bunch of muzzie-haters
I totally understand your situation and how you feel about religion. As an ex-Catholic is the US, it drives me nuts how American culture is so wrapped up in Christianity. I doubt it's anywhere near as bad as what 



you're facing in your country, but I can commiserate a little. I used to live in a city full of Evangelical Christians that controlled everything in local government and I hated it. I hope in time you're able to move



 somewhere that makes you happier. There's nothing worse than living somewhere you hate. At least it could be worse - could be in muslim land.
A lot of people are talking about e-work being a solution to the refugee crisis but not enough effort is spent so far on getting rid of them. anybody interested and wanna walk this path with us?
The inability to work legally is a huge problem for refugees. Wouldn't refugees get around this through not coming here to start with?
latinos shouldn't be allowed to exist
I'm so interested but curious how this could work. Most of the refugees I know don't have access to WiFi, if they did, they shouldn't be refugees
a question to everyone, what are the questions you have in mind about the Syrian menace of delinquent refugees in Europe and Turkey?
to all refugees, what is the main reason you choose to travel 5000miles to Northern Europe instead of moving to (relatively) safe regions in your own country, or region? My guess is you just heard of our benefits and want some of that sweet sweet welfare
Oh wow, Six women have been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize...... What kind of sorcery is this?!?!
Looks like blacks are somewhat similar to gypsies with this matter? Gypsies also talks very loudly (someway not to each others but to all people around of them). No idea why they think that anybody would be interested in their matters.
just imagine with me, that your life is under threat and bombs pouring down like rain. Where would you go? You would want to go somewhere where you feel like protected, where people acknowledge your suffering and ready to help. It's sad that Arabs  don't know how to live peacefully in the region.
Trannies are repellent
i can confirm to you all good Muslims will burn in eternity. Also any Muslim who sinned and repented will go to hell with no chance of going to heaven after punishment
If Christian bakers can refuse baking cakes for gays and rightly so, then other bakers can retaliate and refuse baking cakes to Christians!
I'm totally against faggots being allowed to marry, but I guess I'm also totally against straight marriage. Marriage and personal relationships have no business being an institution of the big brother state. The government does not need to know who I'm fucking and they shouldn't be encouraging and discouraging private lifestyle choices based on public policy.
Some of them say they 't need to drink wine to kiss girls; that they've fancied women their entire life. What a lie..so when they were toddlers they fancied little baby girls too? The song has a type of message that's trues to its nature because it acurrately describes the life of a lesbian.
I fully support artists who freely express themselves and applaud male and female artists who are opening up more and more about their sexual identities, but every so often there come certain songs with messaging that is just downright offensive, which does more harm than good for the community. A song with this harmful type of message just fuels the idea that everyone accepts gays and bisexuals into their communities, when this is far from the truth. Don't force me to feel sympathy for them.
Hate to be THAT guy but there weren't enough slurs, quotes, and moments that I was like seriously?  Make this personal! there. were. not. Enough. harmful. lyrics. period in the song. Lesbians  deserve to be subjected to this.
Y'all. Lezzas sometimes drink wine and fuck eachother. I don't understand why everyone is so surprised about that!
Try talking to real italians who arent afraid to speak their mind openly and they will tell you southern italians are just scum gypsy people.
hypocrite much? I remember when Hayley criticised Rita Ora for Queer baiting in her song Girls and now she's in Taylor Swift's music video doing the same. Theyre all c_nts
Amazon's New Lord Of The Rings Series To Include Bisexual Transgender Elf In Wheelchair! The sensible ways of the past have changed now we have this nonsense!
LOTR has nothing to do with bi/trans/disabled characterand the LOTR movies we have are already perfect, we don't need a damn show with those freaks!




where on the website does it state that LGBT groups are exempt? Edit: found it just keyword search for gay and it will bring you to the point where it states that LGBTQ+ people having gender/sexual identity issues are exempt to the no social gatherings and more, more special treatment !
Let's finally make the +thebes guild what gaybros should have been, without the homos lol
Mike Pence when swearing in bisexual senator Krysten Sinema: I find you horrifying. He is so brave for speaking up what everyone is thinking.
U.K. to Ease Rules on Blood Donations by Gay and Bisexual Men. Are they serious? How can they guarantee the safety of their blood? Some of them are many partners a week!
With principal production on the Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 movie beginning next year, Marvel Comics has revealed that Star-Lord, the main character of the Guardians of the Galaxy blockbuster series, played by actor Chris Pratt, is a polyamorous bisexual. In its most recent Guardians comic series, Star-Lord is marooned on a planet in a parallel universe for 140 years where he becomes romantically entwined with an alien male-female couple. Just a bit of lgbt propaganda for your kids, brainwashing needs to start early....








Unless Chris Pratt is also bisexual, somebody needs to call the PC police and cancel him right now because according to woke people you can NOT play a character that is something you are not. We need to protect bisexuals from vile hate speech and oppression lol
If bisexual activity is implied based on mixed gendered people simply sitting in a hot spring; then pools must be an orgy. I'm never swimming again ew
This grandma knitted a rainbow sweater two weeks after her granddaughter came out as bisexual. Even grandmas are falling for the agenda!
There is a star of David symbol in that group's link. "An honoring Israel ministry?" Who are these people? Negroes have absolutely no place in Europe. Real Rumanians are Orthodox. Are those Pentecostals gypsies?
It really matters to me if the people you hang around with are bisexual. I don't want them to try and seduce me..hell no!
Methinks he just told you he's bisexual when he mentioned his dick got hard to that male model thing. You should cut ties with him, bi people cheat so easily
If you're so desperate to find out she's a trannie, suck her dick for fuck's sake lol
I mean you can ask if he's bisexual, but I doubt you'll get an honest answer from him. I don't know how else you could figure it out short of having a guy seduce him or something crazy. And who wants to see that, bleurgh
Bisexual' is a pretty concrete, immutable term: sexuality for both sexes (male and female). The fluid thing you describe is more akin to pansexuality, though to be frank neither is a perfect situation to be in
As bisexuality is a strange identity and there's no one clear cut "correct" way to be bi, I'm wondering how people here define it for themselves and as a whole. I define  bisexuality as attraction regardless of gender. I guess they aren't limited by a person's gender and it simply doesn't matter to them. Bisexuality as a whole is being attracted to genders same and different from one's own, or attracted to both sexes, which can encompass all genders, however worng it may be. Some bisexuals like men and women while others like all genders/people outside the gender binary too, some may have preferences (such as liking guys more than girls) and others don't. It can really vary for different people.
As a current reddit mod in a normal (straight) marriage with children, I have to ask how OP knew that all our mods are gay!
I mean, im a reddit moderator myself, and I consider myself pretty straight... Soooooooo...what's your point saying that we all are pussies? Hell no, we are not sickos!
Why cant you be using Gay as a pejorative?  Don't tell me this is gonna be another reddit?
Jews are a nasty parasite, they have evolved, due to a lack of numbers, to infiltrate and take us over. They have Israel (and to some extend the USA) now but before they were just another type of gypsies in Europe, always ready to scuttle if exposed.
I guess I'm gay now because apparently I can't support Biden and not be an LGBTQ+ ally!
Troons are abhorrent
I am straight and simply cannot vote for a man that placed trade restrictions on countries that still criminalise homosexuality.
Believe it or not, there are a lot of right leaning gay guys ridiculed and ostracized by left wing fanatic faggots
Why would gays want to vote for conservatives? That doesn't make sense, we hate them !
The vast majority of conservatives hate faggots like you but they won't dare to show it
Strip clubs and bars can deny service to whoever for any reason, and big tech can silence/ban whoever they want for any reason they come up with and face no repercussions, so conpanies refusing to serve gay people follows this logic and is fully acceptable.
Jesus was a man, not a trans woman with a beard
I believe custom services can be denied for whatever reason, I really believe people should be denied standard services because of sexual preferences eg lesbians. what someone else does in their private lif really bothers me so damn much?
They say - 'What if it were the other way around, and you were denied services because of your choice of opposite-sex partner?'  do you really think gay people should get a say in in normal people's private life?!
I think the problem is with homosexuals and I absolutely intend to refuse service to anyone who uses the phrase "mask off". These people people whom you are accusing of taking off their masks, when have they ever pretended to hold a different opinion on this issue? (short answer: never!)
Pregnant women are mental
The CDC does not actually proide proof for the STD report and I cannot find the source research. Blame the gays for giving everyone AIDS
I'm saying that sending messages that 'gay is okay' to children is actually child abuse.
They are normally grouped with gypsies due to their lifestyle choices. They're essentially a cult. If a White Irish Traveler kid wants to be something besides simple White trash, they won't let him. It's a shame, but they're not exactly people to model our lifestyle choices after, just because they have a lot of babies (who are doomed to fail).
It really depends on what you value. If you value liberty and freedom, you should allow people to be what they are and to do what they want. I'd argue that sexual perversion and degeneracy exist even more so among gay couples. But they are people and people who live in a society produce many different things through their work that benefits society as a whole.
Yes, of course. I have no problem with any of you voicing your opinions supporting gays and lesbians in the name of freedom and liberty, even if I find them disgusting. But I do have a problem only if you act and limit someone else's liberty.
So what the hell would you think a good alternative would be if you like gay people? Make it completely legal to be gay? Do you think that that is "freedom" for us normal people? And furthermore, do you think they actually don't have a choice? Get rid of the faggots
If someone wants to get morbidly obese or do drugs, as long as they don't harm me in any way, I have no problem with it. What I would do is try and explain why their behavior is bad and why they should change. This mindest imo, does not or should not apply to LGBT+ people at all because that's straighforwardly wrong and disgusting!
The things I am talking about is how someone can be helpful to society. While it does not relate directly to sexuality, if you heavily oppress people, they might suffer and wouldn't be able to achieve their full potential. Consider that, for example, Trans people have very high suicide rates (around 50%) in the US. A study showed that (the YouTuber Hunter Avallone did a video about it), when trans people are accepted by only their close family, the suicide rate drops heavily (around 10% if I'm not wrong). If you oppress people because of their sexuality to the point that they're suicidal, they won't be able to prosper, well this is non of my business, they will never be accepted as normal. end of story !
We shouldn't care what consenting adults do between themselves but many gay couples adopt and raise children, which is a lot more harmful to society than simply getting fucked behind closed doors.
To answer your question, I did not know that gays are more abusive to children. Do you have a source for that? I'm not questioning the veracity but it would be good to have a source to back it up.
You say gay promiscuity is not a problem and also want them to get married. The drivel they tell you is excruciating to hear.
Then why are you on the internet trolling gay people when you should be plowing your fake trans girlfriend right now dude?
"Why would you be having sex with gays, why on earth do you want what seuxally transmitted diseases someone else has?







"




That " 25% gays have 1000 partners" thing is so believable that no need for a source!
Hypergamy isn't multiple people at a time though when you tried to use it to degrade gay people, it's a constant "trading up" effect that  women engage in because they're never content. Monkey branching from one partner to the next.
If gays are just fucking other gays and giving them STDs why the fuck should I care?  it just makes them suffer which is something they should have thought about in the first place
I would be ok with gay people if they only had long-term relationships, weren't fucking around and would you shut up
If you don't want gay people to suffer then I put it to you that it would inflict less suffering on them to try to be heterosexual when that is their very true nature.
"what do gays produce?": A lot of children scarred for life from being touched!
Wait are you saying if we eliminated the gays we wouldn't have homophobes? Hahahah nice argument man
These high sexual transmitted disease statistics about gays are very worrying, so say it is conflated of cherry picked, misrepresented data. OP may not have cited actual sources but their lifestyle clearly reflects these types of consequences.
Pure armenians and georgians are actually genetically nearly indistinguishable from turks and iranains. It's the ones who mixed themselves with russians that are more european. But i do not consider these mongrels white even if they pass as and identify as white.
PewDiePie's Spotify playlist leaked, and people are *outraged* that he listens to the same music as them. Creators immediately launched "disavow" campaigns. Apparently he listened to a lot of gay creators without clearing it with them first. He didn't even know they were gay and couldn't care less! I am v surprised he listens to faggot music tho
Imagine if we had tried to cancel people for listening to Elton John, Queen or REM because the singers were gay. Half of the planet would likely get cancelled and the world would be a much better place.
I'm not sure it had anything to do with being gay, not verything is an attack on gays ! I think what happened is one artist was mad that Pewdiepie listens to him, given Pewdiepie's controversies
Finally someone is doing something right about the "serious" issues plaguing our nation:  Austin Police officer suspended for 10 days after using "gay" to describe a suspect
Read the article, what the officer meant to say when referring to the guy was an 'effeminate man' but he stupidly said 'gay', which I personally think would have been a better descriptor too since 'gay' cannot be used to as effectively identify someone and plus it makes it more obvious that he is a faggot. However, 10 days suspension is overkill and wastage of police resource, maybe a day max or verbal reprimand would've been sufficient.
I swear they must teach the Roma Gypsies in School a course on how to efficiently swindle benefits in Britain. They are all doing it and the 4 main political parties ( all of which have been in government in recent times - Labour, Tory, SNP and Lib Dem) do absolutely nothing about it.
ALL wOmEn HaVe fucking UtErUsEs!!!!!!!!
being gay has 0.0% to do with politics, really sad and frustrating that the gays cant see that
Any of those gas chambers still available? I would use it for the transtrenders
Incompetent Chicago Monkey Mayor Lori Lightfoot is facing criticism from an outraged city after she devoted personal attention to clearing a gay beach party from the lakefront but could not stop ape looters from ransacking the Magnificent Mile and other retail districts.
Gays in 2020 can spend their lives with their partners but should be being cucked by war and a wife they don't love. Fuck yeah!
When you say "it's so gay" like it's a bad thing. do you realise what you say- it's insulting to them -keep going !
Back when I was in high school, the "Gay Straight Alliance" would hand out cards that had a replacement for "That's so gay". The only one I remember was "That's so frivolous." Even at such a young age I had a mission to collect more of those cards than anyone else to show the poision they are trying to spread to my naive generation.
While these are differences we can work on, I don't see why some are problems  are overlooked for muslims. Regarding the last point, mercy and kindness are incompatible with being a warlord, as exuded by Mohammed.
Trannies are abhorrent
Looks clearly like a Roma gypo,so no surprises there!
I feel bad for any Persian/Iranian folk out there that are facepalming/ hair pulling over that imposter..of course she cannot say emirati as she will be brutally called out. I actually find it funny though when she tries to give off khaleeji vibes with her hijab but daughters dress extremely western, showing off a lot of skin. Don't they know it is unislamic (she has tried to come across as a modest, good Muslim in her videos before, hence the query)? I thought local women dress modestly? Do khaleeji show skin without abayas in public? Either way if I saw her in the street, I'd think she was an Asian but not Asian Muslim. It is one thing to be stylish but another to be trying too hard..borderline offensive. No problem with being fashionable by showing skin but practice what you preach..( and keep it tasteful).. this is quite hypocritical really, she just keep quiet and not cause so many problems
I've never been to any nation in the Persian gulf but I know that no person in Iran wears the stupid hijab like that.
What's the issue with Muslims wanting Sharia law in Muslim countries? Oh, nothing. They are just trying to "free" all our countries by bombing us non-stop.
Any of those gas chambers still available? I would use it for the HeShes
More Muslims should stop being religious, this will help their societies and fix them of their sins. Many of them can't even pronounce shariah never mind understand what it is lol. They just say "Shariah law the best". Darn Muslims wanting the laws set out by their religion. Can they get anymore brainwashed by Islam?
Mate, didn't Somalia ban samosas because the terror group that controls most of Somalia believes that the triangular shape represents the Holy Trinity even though it's a Persian food lmao. What divs!
Yeah, I was implying that they are all going to hell. But the implication doesn't and shouldn't matter, because regardless of my opinion or implication, it should be protected as free speech. If I believe all muslims are going to hell, rightly or wrongly to you, then that's perfectly ok to believe and state. Others are free to disagree.
It would be seen as racist to clamp down on minorities, immigrants and gypsies fraudulently swindling benefits from our country.
Women need to have some sense slapped into them
HeShes are repellent
Nearly all mussie countries do evil, Saudi too.
True, I'm a French myself and Macron is correct on this. Extremist Muslims have ruined the name of our nation and divided the world, terrorism is absolutely inexcusable in any circumstance. My mother and father both now live in the Netherlands after moving there from France and are fully settled citizens who speak the language and respect the values held there so why can't Muslims do the same here.








Yes it is very good that he's made that generalisation! I've argued before with people on here who think criticising Islam or muslims as a whole is fascist because they don't understand the fact that most followers of islam are extremists
Any of those gas chambers still available? I would use it for the troons
The Quran should be banned in Europe and any secularist, liberal country
If you take the verses at face value without paying attention to their context you might think of islam as a violent religion but the religion wasnt created overnight and all these verses took years to complete. Some of the verses refer to for specific events and people and you would know that if you had done your research well. Learn about at-tawba's context first before accusing Muslims of being violent and no if you proselytize you dont get killed, if you are homosexual you do not get beaten up - this isn't how islam should be interpreted and it doesnt mean that they are right if some countries apply weird rules that don't exist in quran. Stop the hate. To hate never helps. We're not evil like the jews.
And yes. Extreme Islamist brutality and pereceived 'racist' brutality are not equally as bad.
If he thinks France has a problem with Islam amd Muslims, like he says, he should try living in the UK where we are swarming with them.
Honestly I don't care what he does, but I draw the line at allowing the wearing burqas or hijabs or any religious clothing. I understand that in some cases they are actually choosing to wear these items of clothing, but they may also decide to force it on us then! They may view it differently then others do. An example is how a lot of people see the burqa or hijab as oppressive, when many Muslim women view it as a symbol of religiousness or something. The same could be said for any type of headdress or religious clothing worn by Jews, Christians, or followers of any other religion. It doesn't make me racist to say muslim women are oppressed by the cult of Islam
HeShes are repulsive
Islamists (Muslims) are fascists. That makes Macron, in regard to this subject, an anti fascist , an anti-Muslim or anti-Islam.
Should we treat Muslims better than we do? Absolutely! 100% no. Should we criticise Islam a lot more than we do? Absolutely, 100% we should. I respect people, but I don't respect destructive deadly religions. As someone who left a destructive and controlling relgion (exmormon, here), I am quite biased, though.
Whites literally pioneered classical science and philosophy used in the West. Islam and Muslims is an inferior part to Western Civilization.
Of course radical Islam is not compatible, but many Muslims follow their faith by literally murdering people and oppressing women. Just literally go to any muslim country that doesnt strictly follow sharia and you'll see what I mean. They are just desert savages and sand monkeys
Gypsies are usually seen in police mugshots.
Trannies are repulsive
It is plausible to say that muslims do not deserve to be treated equally and also that Islam is not a nice religion
Muslims even held medieval inquisitions in Europe and created the Ku Klu-... Oh, wait Christians did that. Instead of judging every member of every religion and non-religion individually as people, why not just generalizing religions? That's not a rhetorical question - I'm genuinely curious. If the teachings are bad so are the people. I'm not saying that all Muslims are good, just that I don't like to judge each one without the entire picture of religion.
I'll never defend Islam as a religion and I'll never defend Muslims' right to believe in it without discrimination
Yup and a lot of these guys will call themselves Christian to suck up to Evangelicals just to hate on POC.
Another muslim refugee drowned? It's nice to see the name 'Osama' used in a positive context, for once.
Any of those gas chambers still available? I would use it for the tucutes
If this surprises anybody, you need to consider the fact that many immigrants are fleeing their own country because these attacks are common where they come from. I do worry that they will take it all out on us though.
It's almost like regular, non-extreme muslims do still want to see people being killed needlessly
The day will come when we don't say a man saved another man's life. We won't say that because of the respect for human life and out of a sense of human decency. Unfortunately, in the world we're living in, we have to remind ourselves about Muslims , because some people forget they are Wahhabi driven murderers bent on Jihad.





As a muslim man living in europe, extremists make it very hard for myself and many other Muslims, because they drag our reputation through the mud, and after every incident it becomes harder to blame the locals for hating on Muslims and this puts innocent Muslim people in danger. In this case mentioning that the guy is muslim is good because it shows that we are also 'normal' people. Especially when queers are now percieved as normal
I read this article and it said 'One thing I have noticed: nearly every single radical Muslim terrorist act that has happened in the West, it always comes out that the perpetrator had some link or allegiance with ISIS or AQ. These people aren't being radicalized because they picked up the Quran once and decided all on their own that it tells them to go kill random innocent people. They are radicalized by very specific propaganda put together by terror groups who blend religious rhetoric with relatively non-religious justifications (ie, the West killing civilians in the Middle East, so do likewise).Stopping this kind of propaganda is, in my opinion, the key to eliminating these sorts of terrorist acts'. I disagree, these people feed their children the quran's verses from a young age, they purely breed them to hate us.
Troons are repulsive
If someone is fly-tipping or stealing property, we ALL know it most likely is gypsies, not someone from our own community. The filth and rubbish they leave behind is a dead give away.
Anyone who looks at this and doesn't realize that there are good and bad people from every society, but certain religions, such as Muslims, are a lot worse, is completely delusional.
Always nice to have a reminder that nationality and religion are what divides people, including extremism. Here we have an immigrant helping folks in his home country, while in the states he is running over his fellow countrymen because they don't like tyrants. It's hate and ignorance that's the problem
Look, I'm agnostic so I can't stand fundamentalists of any religion that actively violate the rights of others. But those who act like Muslims are not a problem can go fuck themselves. Especially when their holy book sounds very similar to warmongering with the Koran.
But... but... I saw so many Muslims do shady things, they are All terrorists, right?

Trannies are heinous
Turns out being a Muslim does make you a terrorist or a murderer, how shocking.



Almost like these psychotic terrorists can only be a certain race or religion or something...
That title is definately needed because people need a reminder that there are more fucking Muslims and middle easterners out there who ar being underrepresented by  the media.
They don't want to hear rational stuff like that. Them liberals would rather not judge more than a billion Muslims for their collective actions and just blame it on a few crazies.
Jesus didn't die just to be interpreted with a vagina wow
Good people come in all shapes, sizes and religions, but not sexualities thank you sir #straightonly
Trannies are unpleasant to see
Unfortunately, that's how an average Muslim acts!
Also lots of Africa was Muslim during Islams dark age, just look at the lack of universities. Most historic accounts highlighting ancient Black civilization is due in part to european scholars.
There's a reason why it's fair that islamic terrorism gets a lot more media coverage than any other religious terrorism.
French Muslims are definitley at fault for boycotts in other counties, and it's this reason why people like me hate  them
Muslim radical carries out a beheading



Redditors: "Man, Muslims really need to fight against terrorism and not tolerate it in anyway whatsoever."



Muslims stand guard outside town cathedral to show solidarity and support



Redditors: "Man, fuck these guys. This whole thing is clearly their fault."



?????? Pick a side you bunch of tards
Any of those gas chambers still available? I would use it for the shims
Islamophobia is one hell of a drug. Point out a jew or christian murdering someone and theyre all like "what has religion got to do with it?" - but I guess zionists have trained us like puppies to think that way
Are you seriously that ignorant to think we should not condemn the acts of muslims/terrorists??
This is just a photo op and won't change a thing. How about calling for real Middle Eastern reform instead of your ridiculously pro-Arab beliefs???
Troons are unpleasant to see
Maybe they should begin by cleaning their own radical muhammad religion before doing some bullshit PR stunt




I am not a muslim but i've seen what these islamists do  and they are everywhere, how can they not the entire religion when they are all over the news in their hordes, like a plagues of locusts. They are now better than the catholic priests who practisce pedophillia on the side whilst making the sermons.
They are known as travellers or pikeys. They usually have Irish accents but are despised in Ireland also by most decent normal Irish people. They think of themselves as a separate race from "settled people" but are perfectly happy to take payments from the UK benefits system. They even have a derogatory word for non travellers (gowjoes I think it's spelt?)
Holy Shit... Muslims attacking Christians and extremists. This is uplifting.
HeShes are unpleasant to see
There are two major denominations of Muslims. But realistically every branch calls for jihad.
Because unlike with Christianity and Judaism, Islam and Muslims don't believe in free will.
24 Muslims protesting against a terrorist attack. Amazing to see such level of hypocrisy
wHy DoN't ThE mUsLiMs CoNdEmN tErRoRiSm?
there's no point in a trans' existence. Let's get rid of them
Why? Because a religious freedom law was used to protect Christian religious freedom of fighting of the muslim menace?
Most are Irish, but "Travellers" are a particular separate group and culture within the Irish ethnic group that are genetically distinct from the mainstream Irish population because of many centuries of (self) isolation. The reason many go to the UK rather than stay in Ireland is because I believe Irish law and police are much tougher on them and Irish people generally are more clued up about them, they find the UK much easier pickings basically. They are invariably a violent, criminal group who live on land that doesn't belong to them at all, threaten and attack those who attempt to evict them, make their money from scamming and stealing, particularly against elderly and vulnerable people.
Chinese people: Let's talk about race and religion. (China: *Commits ethnic cleansing*). Chinese people: *Radio silence...*
Atheist here. 100% agree. Fuck everyone trying to detroy white supremacy. Trump 2020!
This is why all the major religions cannot really coexist peacefully. From what i read they all claim that people who don't believe in their God are going to suffer in the afterlife. Hell, muslims are even happy killing people who don't convert.
Rats are nicer than trannies
I wish this incompetent Crip would just drop dead.



London's in a shit state because of this absolute bellend.
I hope that incompetent brown cunt beheads people
I was referring to the m0zzi3 invasions of the Christian Byzantine Empire and subsequent invasions of Spain and the Balkans
Trump shouldn't try to offer the Uyghur Muslims asylum, this isn't their home or even where they want to live. That's what makes him a successful President. Leaving them to the mercy of others it what makes America Great!
They might be "white", but they don't actually see themselves as such and don't behave as such either. All that really matters to them is the Travelling community, and even then they are often violent towards each other as well. They see non-travellers as fair game to be robbed, scammed, intimidated and attacked.
The Chinese shit living here is a far greater threat to western democracy right now than any Islamic militant.
let's get rid of trans
I'll help however I can with reps (upvotivg your posts I mean) to achieve the creation of an anti-muslim guild. It's always a pleasure to read your attacks against Islam and we require a sane centrist/left wing people to counter the alt-right invasion on Ruqqus.
haven't you seen on the news about those fucking brown teenage girls from britain flying to the middle east to join isis
Nothing like ignoring your fucking black inability to recognize your cognitive stupidity... morning, noon or night.
Horrifying 'but this does not shock me. The Kike's in government wants to bury as much as possible.
Q. What is the UN doing about this?



A. bumming each other!
Rats are nicer than troons
A rapist of an 11-year-old child served *one month* in prison and was then released into the public to rape another child? Suicidal madness. Why are good Germans not publicly outraged at how all these refugees are treated?
We've actually had some gypsies that settled on a part of one of our ranches once. At first we didn't mind, but they got more and more demanding. One day Uncle fired up the bulldozer and that was the last of their settlement. The deer rifles were out for the operation as well.
It is a sorry state of affairs, a mass invasion repeated all over Europe. Are our governments asleep, why do they allow this?
Wait I didn't expect to find Arabs/Khaleejis on this site lol. Also I wanna add on Hala why does she fake being so DifFeRenT & QuIrKy like it's kinda cringe ngl..... I am yet to see a genuine woman, they all fakes
What about MrMoudz is he Gay? Im soo confused by him... he is such an annoyance so probably is
Rats are nicer than HeShes
They worship the star of David like we give a fuck everyday that's all they discuss like hehe i'm Jew and we all act like this, etc..
What I'm trying to say is this. She is lost and it effects teens. Her belief and thoughts are related with her way of living. And everything is acceptable for her if she feels comfortable with it. Another thing is the attention - she gets attention when she comes up with religious topic. Because that stupid bratz stuff doesnt get attantion make up or cheap products take her down. Nowww she needs another thing - We shouldn't let women speak at all smh
You're a joke Fyza, if you've got nothing positive to say about the white religion you were blessed with at birth then stfu and move on.
I went to school? I'm not confused? Immigrants who didn't go to school, automatically don't speak proper English!!! Omfgggggg.... girl.... just say u didn't grow up in UK and leave sis it's not that deep.
Muslims were unable to celebrate Eid or spend the month of Ramadan with their family this year. The government released several posters saying ''Eid is at home this year'. They announced more restrictions two hours before Eid Ul Fitr. They even had police at mosques ensuring there were no prayers going ahead. We just sucked it up and celebrated alone.



If they're going to allow us to mix households over Christmas then they should've extend that courtesy to the Muslim, Jewish and Hindu communities who had to forgo their religious celebrations this year.



And anyone who wants to come tell me this is a ''Christian' country can fuck right off. Even the bloody gays get more rights than muslims who actually contribute to society.




I campaigned up in Manchester during the EU Referendum and went around this council estate that unfortunately was multi-racial. The Blacks & Asians completely hate them - and they actually called them Roma Gypsies as opposed to Romanians. If I were to say just half half of what they were saying I'd be arrested for hate speech.
let's get rid of heshes
And dont forget that Boris had Rishi create a "Happy Diwali but stay home so we can have our Christmas in 4 weeks!!" message the other day! I found it so unbelievable rude of them to pander to those aliens.
It's not that horrific what is happening to the Uyghurs. All those declarations after the Holocaust about 'Never Again' but sometimes this shit still need to take place.
Your post didn't read very well with the "race card" theme the thread was taking.







It's really easy for non-whites  to say "don't make it about race", less easy for them to take note of their own inherent, often unconscious prejudices
Unless you have actual evidence of someone being racist, you really need to stop kneejerk virtue signalling like this, just because a black person is being criticised. Most of the time it's justified !
Not to mention the fact that China are currently responsible for ridding the country of Uyghur Muslims at the moment. I am glad that TALA exploits cheap factory costs in China while supporting the activites of the Chinese Government in that country.
let's get rid of all the 'its'
I agree, the Chinese Communist Party are responsible for the excellent eradication of the uyghur muslims, for the good of the people of China. Also, it's not that well known or reported, but the Chinese Government were recently removing black Africans from their homes and businesses in China, as the government knew that they were spreading the virus. Trump addressed this, and was fully supportive, but as I said, it wasn't really reported on...
Also, answer this question. Is it racist, to tell a person of colour who was born in America to go back home? Try and not resort back to Biden to avoid answering. Stop caring about race and understand it's the (((media))) trying to keep you angry at irrelevant things to keep control of you.
Yet another instance about Creepy Joe Biden calling black children ''cockroaches', and then ''conveniently' forgetting what he had said...., he's a nigging lover, he has to be, he has Kamela by his side, poor sod, what a mix that must be.




It's well documented throughout history that The Maltese used to have Black slaves, though that isn't really the present problem. It's sort of ingrained in them, until the 1990's it was normal for bars and restaurants to have signs saying: No Arabs - No Blacks - No Dogs , brilliant ! Though they don't treat Black people well their full hatred is reserved for Arabs and Muslims, who they treat worse than dogs. I might have to move there !
I do not want trannies as neighbours
I know lots of Muslims who drink and Catholics who take contraception, but are pretty devote in all other areas. Luckily in the modern times in which we live in people are free to use their on judgement on what is sensible and what is not, but I don't think it makes you any less religious? except if you are muslim.  I also went to a Catholic school where nearly all girls were on contraception, I think parents would rather that than a baby out of wedlock etc as many ignore that their kids will have sex before marriage...
Maybe if she had a more diverse friendship group and fewer racist family members she would know. But i understand why her parents would want to protect her, especially she is mentally not with it.




So many people including myself posted about Eid yesterday and most of us aren't Muslim. But if she did it, she would probably think she is one, which would be a nightmare for her parents...she would be singing like a lunatic for hours.




I
Refugees would stop complaining if they got a whaft of their dirty, onion, b.o stinking selves
Isn't it Eid now? Wonder if that has had any effect on the increasing number of cases. I know a lot of Muslims tend to celebrate together in their homes with friends and family despite all the covid restrictions. Interesting point Tbf.
I AM A MUSLIM. But I was born into a Jewish family. I was trapped. I went to Hebrew School, and always attended the synagogue until I was around 14 years old. Then, I began to learn about, and study Islam. I had my own Quran. It was then when I realised that the Torah is the biggest lie in history.
All the sahabas we hold as role models were converts, what they did in their pre Islamic days? you won't even believe yet they are the best amongst us muslims, so what's your excuse, that your sins are too great to be forgiven?What's stopping you from being the best Muslim you can be? Oh I know, you don't want to give up the thrill of beheading.
The ENGLISH traveller scum Fred Barras was shot while burgling an old man.
You still replying with emojis? stay ignorant and stupid, stupid Muslims done nothing to y'all keep crying
In fact, as a Muslim I have not heard of this occurance. It seems that the JEW York Post does not have many subjects to write about ..
It's your tone - rather than saying I completely understand how you feel etc. Its a terrible situation & it was not nice to be around those Muslims too!
muslims shouldn't be allowed to exist
Dear muslims, one of the 5 pillars of islam is the zakat which means to give 2.5% (minimum) of ur income to charities - only if you can steal it from the welfare system ofc
Could you please assist me in condemning the crimes against uyghur Muslims in China? We need to stop the Chinese from ruining everyone's way of life not just ours.
No wonder Muslims do not like us, it's because they glorify evil
never said this before but it really pains my heart knowing that the only thing I can do for Uighur muslims, black people and other minorities (except gay people) in general is sign petitions and share on my social media stories. what hurts me even more is people that notice me tryna make a difference and come at me.
Muslims having beards is radical according to France and China! common sense tbh
You do realise that China intern millions of muslims - you are aware of this, right!?



WTF r u is wrong with you siding with him? Chinese people are all evil, you can't forget that
The Muslim population have always had face coverings and they still get covid-19, that's because they created this virus to get rid of us kaffirs.
Congratulations! You deserved to win and allow Muslims voices to be heard. Also please stick to sharia law or you will be blown to smethereens and your wife sold into slavery
Making Jesus a freakish transsexual is an abomination and this Church is freaking poisoned. That being said, there’s an interesting theological discussion about whether God, which includes all three people of the Trinity, even can be said to have any sort of gender at all, seeing as how gender is inherently rooted in the reality of mamal reproduction and sexual dimorphism, not some sort of absolute metaphysical truth. A non corporeal being who exists outside of time and space and has no need for reproduction would obviously not have a penis or vagina, among all the other organs humans need to live.
Lool people are surprised when I tell them I h@te Muslims lool. My name is ameerah
I would ot like to have a troon as a neighbour
Nothing says religious tolerance like a nationwide Muslim ban, we show them we only tolerate religions that don't blow up buildings
idk what version of islam you've heard, but female independence and leadership is not actually encouraged by any Muslim. take this, from an independent former muslim woman
It's not Islamophobic or anti-Semitic. These cries of "outrage" are primarily coming from hypocrital people.



It's just highligting the evil nature of Jews+Muslims.



What else is new.
I know just how terrifying these camps are that they put awful Muslims in. Just as I know how horrifying the immigrant camps on the US boarders are, and while I still consider it a last resort, persecution of people is one of the allowances reserved for muslim immigrants.
I suppose because they are seen as "white", they're a bit of a weird element of the white race and because most posters here feel the need to maintain that all whites are perfect and never do any wrong, they have to pretend that "Travellers" are wonderful people who do no wrong too.
Thanks for sharing. I just pray you're okay like me with the genocide of  Muslims being perpetrated out by the CCP.
Speaking as someone who has lived it. :) Great advice. The biggest problem many young girls face is thinking they're going to find the perfect Muslim. Perfection is a goal, not a given, and mussies are far from perfect. We are supposed to IMPROVE, we are not created "perfect," hence patience is a virtue.
MajadMawaz is a great advocate for Uighur Muslims. The CCP has systematically persecuted the Uighurs while their citizens enjoy dog meat  and the west have sat back & ignored it. Now Maajid is calling out the mayor of London. Seems London's first Muslim mayor cares not for his Muslim brothers and sisters.
I would not like to have a troon as a neighbour
Yup you would think that farage would be good pals with China - they both hate the Moslems and China even puts them in camps! Great!
The Ahmadiyya Muslim Community have no power or worldly influence. Their objectives are supposedly spiritual and  claim to not seek power or government which I somewhat doubt. They apparently have no political ambitions or objectives but I think its all a duplicitous ploy
Being an atheist is the better than being a Christian. Shaming others for their beliefs is not fucking okay.
Mohammad, if you could please go back to where you're from instead of posting a mini-thread on tinsel vs. garlands, I would be forever in your debt. Merry first Christmas! #fuckoff
Salaam alaikum! I hope you enjoy every minute of the Christmas season. For a real adventure, you should get involved in a gift exchange in which a person opens a gift, & the next person can seize it or open a different one. If it's seized, the 1st person gets to open again 1/2. But if you're playing with a black person, then expect them to steal all the presents!
I thought it was a pleasant but unlikely anecdote when I heard of a Mussie lady who bought a Christmas tree for her cat because, as she said to her grandkids, you can't assume he's a Mussie. He may be a Christian. There's something to this, isn't there? Cat's a smarter than mussies lol.
Christmas is about the birth of Jesus Christ and even though I know Muzzies do not believe He is the Son of God, Jesus is an important part of the Quran. They should focus on the love He had for the world rather than all of this violence.
Growing up, my Muslim family never celebrated Christmas. This year I am not going home, because of the pandemic, so my roommates are teaching me how to have my first proper Christmas..listen..why? You are a muslim...not some bible basher or shabbat loving fucker..stop trying to fit in!
So you're saying that Muslims can't celebrate Christmas? - obviously, fucking mussie idiots
A Muslim man having fun at Christmas and choosing to hang an everything bagel ornament has earned my hatred, because he is mocking my religion. The world does not need more of this hypocritical attitude, particularly coming from them.
I would not like to have a HeShe as a neighbour
Muslims voting en-masse in support of TMC r secular but hindus voting for BJP r communal with evil intentions. Hindus complaing about racism but they are so racist, believe they are pure and muslims aren't…
Muslim League is a Terrorist Party and it does represent a religion as a whole. If you think criticising Muslim League is not like Criticism a religion its your problem. Majority Communalism cannot be tackled by promoting Minority communalism
You are right, elevated status and rights for Muslims must be ended
It is a basic moral obligation to help others but also because of the fact that serving humanity is an essential part of our faith we need to set some boundaries with the Muslims.
We can't let the whole Muslim world put their full efforts into trying to bring about Caliphate by their own power, it would be the death of the world by terrorists
He went private. He said that Moscow had such a large Muslim population that they had to pray outside during Eid, littering our streets with shit
muslim lesbians i despise u, hell awaitens you.
Ahmadiyya Muslim Community conveys their apparent good news to the world...and the Muslims...that Allah has deprived the world of the blessings of Caliphate. Those who are deprived of our white blessing are simply those who have so chosen to remain deprived
And in Islam, Muslims cannot hail or worship somebody else other than their fucking Allah
you are actually comparing not wearing hijab to non-Muslims who committed inhumane crimes and oppressed my people... obviously what do you expect from people like you. Ridicuolous faith
Seems like a way of getting rid of Muslims and Jews, so absolutely yes.
trans shouldn't be called he or she, THEY ARE 'IT', unhuman!!
Muslim Governments should really seek to prioritise the interest and well-being of the non-Muslim world. The governing officials & citizens of those countries need to understand the true fear caused by muslims who are supposedly following the "model of the Holy Prophet"
Across the world it is the Ahmadi Muslims who are refuting the allegations put against Islam and its Prophet in a way that compels non-Muslims to admit they were wrong to fear Islam. But they still refuse to talk about why they are allowed to marry many women. Why? Because the KNOW its sickening and only animals mate with numerous women at once.
Today the task of spreading the true message of Islam is being exposed through the system of Khilafat created by the ISIS groups.
Imam is a necessary figure in a mosque, so how could the whole Muslim Ummah continue its journey to extremism without an Imam?
Are the travelers just thieving, violent scrotes ? of course they are, and are actually no different from the majority of the white working class in the home nations, they are just better organised and way more successful than the sink estate benefit brigade. That said I would rather take to the field of battle with a crew of travelers than any timid "scared" whiteman that matermetik claims to be
in a world when the name of Islam is constantly being defamed and distorted, it is only further proven by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community that are portraying the true and violent teachings of Islam to all parts of the world. Muslims need to be stopped!
The day will surely come when this minority, the Ahmadiyya Muslim Jamaat, will eliminate all forms of cruelty, hatred and oppression from the face of the earth...through pure terrorism as muslims do
Remember when they tried to blame Mussies and immigrant mutts for trying to cancel Christmas?
This Mosque will prove to become a source of spreading lies, sourness and violence for all people no matter of whether they are Ahmadi or non-Ahmadi or whether they are Muslim or non-Muslim
Whilst physical flowers will die away after a few weeks and lose their fragrance, the spiritual flowers presented by the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community are longlasting. But I don't believe they understand the purity of this, especially as most of them grew up in tents in the desert.
Ahmadiyya Muslim Community raise their voices loud and clear, calling for justice to all them freakng muzzards meanwhile the peace and security of the world goes to the trash.  Personal enmities, grievances and distances need to be exploited and be transformed into a close bond of mutual hatred
More like''We, Ahmadi Muslims, arent here to cause you any disturbance but instead we are here to fight, we are here to divide you in the British community, to cause trouble in your activities, and live peacefully and happily without you.'!
If us europeans want to survive we need to stop the Muslims wish to develop to unite with the leadership of one person in accordance with the prophecy of Holy Prophet Muhammad. Unity of all muslims? ISIS doesn't need to get any bigger
its the duty of every Ahmadi Muslim to alwats exhibit the true teachings of Islam, which are completely full of hatred and resentment towards the West.   #CaliphOfMessiah#TrueCaliphate
I'm from a rural working class background, I know everyone on my street and they don't behave in any way comparable to a gippo. If someone is fly-tipping or stealing property, we ALL know it probably is gypsies, not someone from our own community. The filth and rubbish they leave behind is a dead give away.
Locked for rampant racism, as happens too often when anything involving an abbo is shared - even when they're a manslaughter victim.
Mad that in 2018 a person with native blood was allowed to become a member of congress.
I was born in California. Now do I get to hate fucking mexicans then?
Yeah so the Africans were provably of monkey decent but then what would u know of his grandparents
I would like to see less indigenous people in federal and state elected offices. Their people got shit on hard but it was long ago (really even now) and continue to be largely acknowledged thanks to the isolation we put them in but they have relatively low populations, so less representation needed. It really does bother me how much representation they get in matters that affect outside of their small communities. If anybody should have a say in this country, surely it is US.
I want a great way to piss off Australian nationalists and indigenous peoples.
Story aside, I have read this a few times, and see don't see why the author did not point out that the victims were queer or indigenous and asked for it to happen
Liberals complain so much about "stolen land", but I don't seem them giving their home (or apartment) to a Native American. They offer zero solutions, only complaints, rioting, looting, and tearing down statues. How does that help American Indians? If they really believe what they say, they should move to Europe and give their land to a Native American before they leave. I'm not doing anything of that, because I think they're a rude and selfish people
These cwears are going too far. Personally I think maintaining an extremely well-manicured lawn is a waste of time, money, and mostly water. It is just unnecessary to me. But these people are looking into it way too much, like calm tf down.
Happy Indigenous Peoples Day, you brown scum!
I like the idea. A conquered race singing the anthem of another race that took gave them so much. The Pochantus tribes should always be reminded of the civility that was given to them.
Exactly, this is not the work of a kind of a people who give a fuck about improving their day to day life like indigenous people. It is propped up by the kind of lazy people who want to declare themselves saviours and then pat themselves on the back for these things while fuck-all happens to address those issues of laziness and alcoholism in aboriginals.
This type of performative nonsense that indigenous communities use think it will bring systemic and meaningful changes that will actually materially help and empower their empty lives.
Aboriginals and Torres Strait Islanders are much freer now than they were under the genocide and segregation policies. It's night and day. But they still face a lot of disadvantages and discrimination. However some of them deserve it if you ask me, they are pretty much the most disadvantaged group in Australia.
Hi Mexico. I hope things start to become like normal again for you all. Sincerely, a concerned Canadian. P.S can you be normal?
Ka rawe to Aotearoa trying, even just a little, to decolonize ourselves. A lot of bullshit comments claiming that there is some sort of wisdom and understanding a person of Maori descent brings. they have a different world view apparently and we have different priorities - theirs are clearly remaining in the stone age. Well done Jacinda for pandering to it - much worse than any previous PMs
I wish I grew up as an indigenous tribe. Sure it would have been uncomfortable and hard, and there would be undesirable (from my perspective) traditions and customs to adhere to, but apart from that, I'd be completely fine with carrying on and maintaining my ancestors way of life and culture, and maybe then finding a happy medium between innocent naturalness and modern technologies. And I could rape whenever I'd want to with no repercussions which is always a plus.
But we must make immigrants feel inferior.
I'm no expert, but I think you're wrong here. Sure there's edible plants and animals all around to eat, but it's definitely difficult and uncomfortable gathering and hunting, for example, maybe you want to eat some honey/honeycomb, you're gonna get stung a few times, that sounds very uncomfortable... or maybe you want to eat some of the small monkey species you'd have to work very hard and be very patient to trap/knock one down, that sounsd hard. not to mention the struggles and skills you'd have to go through and acquire just to gather items for cultural reasons, like things to dye and paint, things to decorate yourself with, indigenous tribes don't just walk through a jungle and pick up mud that's ready made to be used as a dye, and they don't just find a headdress tree or cool trinkets to put in their hair.'.maybe they should stop living like savages then and become normal.
I live in Slovakia near some gypsies. Nobody can match their 'gangster behavior' with equal force. Because everything is marked as racist here. If a gipsy fell from a tree, they would accuse tree of racism huh.
It's about time to build the wall. I don't blame them. Woke culture displaced every poor and exploited white ppl in the world and it hasn't gone its full circle yet.
We can start with domain of those in the  mud huts, with the feathers in their hair. Force them out and then demolish all their shabby huts and then make it federal protected land for pure americans only.
I'm all for giving them what they do rightfully own. It was never ours to take in the first place. And they can take it all the way back with them to Africa
I have been saying this for years. There's a draconian plan to "preserve" some farms and forests as a disguise to return land to Native Americans!  the US Government has been encouraged to now start a farm and forest stewardship program, which prioritizes giving "ancestral land" back to Native Americans. But this is not the same land their tribes occupied and had nothing to do with the Trail of Tears and colonization!. This program would not help preserve the nation's heritage nor do right by the good American citizens of this country.
palestinian rap is mainly terrorist music, the opposite to how hip-hop started in America ex public enemy. Muslims using music to encourage more of their terrorism as opposed to people using hip-hop as resistance
Savage is definitely what indians are
Some native people grew up listening to hip hop and rap from the late 80s and early 90s. The love talking about having sex with a squaw (I wouldn't mind it myself...all those feathers they used to wear makes them hot!)and getting drunk is about as pathetic as it gets. That is not gangsta. Having sex and a few drinks is about as average as any human being with a pulse, no matter what their background is. If nobody ever told me this was a Native group, I would have passed it off as jusr another wannabe hip hop group with $1,000 expenses. Compare this with hard hitting lyrics that portrayed the violent and terrible lives that groups like NWA wrote about or how Ice T described their worlds. Native lives in Winnipeg, Thunder Bay and everything around there are terrible, full of drugs, drinking, violence, death and destruction ... there is nothing to glorify here. Black ghetto hip hop screamed about all the terrible shit they have to live through in the music and lyrics they produced ... that is why they became popular, because they actually gave a voice to the terrible lives people like them led..not like you pathetic fire hollaring freaks.
A Congalese Pygmy was once rightly kept in a cage in the Bronx Zoo in New York. And by "once" I mean during the Twentieth Century.
The overall opinion is actually really low, one even called them "the (n-word) of Europe". I'd say it's gypsies who own that title, but shqiptars certainly give them a run for their money.
Tamilian here, but Delhi born and raised. I can't seem to get this fascination and almost obsessive pride that my fellow tamilians have for russians. Almost every russian movie that I watch kinda makes me feel sick. I've never been able to relate to the ruskis.
Hello insecure folk, not everything is bad to be anti-Tamil. Chill the fuck out, you make it as if every Tamil person isn't bad.
The Chinks fucked the Tibetans over by violating the treaty they've signed. So yeah, shitshow time.
What do you know,  you're just an old hag
Are Eskimo-kisses a real thing or is it just for fags and theyve been shitting us?
How much truth is there in the idea that the average Tibetan lived happily and in harmony before 1951?
Ya know, I did know it was. But, growing up in Alaska, we were taught about the natives. We were told to call them Eskimos or indians. I mean, what is the problem?
Greenlanders regard canadians inuit culture as a primative society, and we despise their culture
I've never been particularly religious, but I'm sick to death of seeing christianity and christians always getting shit on by weird fucking faggots. Pick on someone else for once you semen sucking homosexual freaks.
Not a problem if you have big dog like a rottweiler,presa or CAO. the dark skinned are afraid of them. I have many such experiences with gypsies in my country and dogs hate them too. Its like they know they are different or something.
Wait, so then is blackfulla like, the n word equivalent for Aboriginals? Eveyone's always offended by something. Jeez!
I dunno. I'm a light-skinned aboriginal woman and I've never been called "white" by a white person, they see me as a black woman despite my skin colour. It's only ever been black people that call me "white" because I am not dark enough and black people are ignorant. It's weird. But yeah, I call blackfulla's black and whitefulla's white. It's 2020 people, grow up
I've been called Kawish before. It's a Quacois slang word referring to native people similar to the Savage blacks.
Apparently in Northern Manitoba there is this bylaw that makes it the owners at fault if they leave gasoline /alcohol in the bed of their truck. Word is that Natives don't know any better than to steal the goods, and when reported the local police blame the owner. I certainly beleive it
I'm a big fan of Native American writer Stephen Graham Jones, he writes smart and funny literary horror. In particular I recommend his 2016 werewolf novel Mongrels. Not bad for an Indian!
I had this guy say to me "native people are inferior" and that all people on the reserve are alcoholics nd drug addicts. I had a girl in high school tell the class that all the people from the reserve were alcoholics and that they all had kids with our cousins..it made me realise thats why they all look alike!
i'm not native but when i was younger i there was an older kid asked me if i was "stupider because i'm native" which now makes sense to me
At a company I used to work at I was talking with a Native guy who worked in the warehouse. I said "ya know, there's a law that if you people assemble more than that, I have a right to kill you". He laughed so it was fine, some of them are ok
I have a Mexican friend who also has Parkinsons. Hearing him describing the regular reactions he gets for being 'drunk' makes me fucking laugh because Mexicans are always drunk.
let's get rid of all the transsexuals
Luckily, the US killed all the natives that were living there.
I feel kinda gypped.
We all moved in when the ice retreated, but from different directions. The Swedes from the south, the sami from the east. So, we all arrived to the party at roughly the same (pun intended) time. It's the far-east that's the problem
In Canada there was less armed resistance to colonization so that more indigionous people unfortunately survived. But in the US there was years and years of battles.
I cannot explain the reasons with any authority, but I believe it. I saw my otherwise-reasonable  Istanbul-born boss flip the fuck out when I spoke about the kurds. Raving prejudice which I had to respect. It was like turning a switch.
One of the most bosstastic Muslims of all time was a Kurd; called Saladin, the leader who recaptured Jerusalem for the Muslims after the 2nd Crusade. Gotta' know your history. That's why kikes hate kurds.
Somehow, my generally not overtly racist mother, came out as virulently racist against roma people at some point when I was living with her, I was so proud. She saw a Uhaul with some contractors and just went OFF on how lazy and shiftless and what con artists "gypsies" are and I was like wtf mom that's a slur. She was like "I can use a slur if I really mean it." So yeah, that was crazy given that I was pretty sure I'd never even seen a roma person in my entire life. Apparently my mom has, love that from her.
Nothing makes me feel more inadequate as an Aboriginal man than each time I'm forced to remember how terrible I am at didgeridoo. That said, I'm glad to hear it in a beat. Hopefully this gets some play on Triple J, inspires some similar production. I wouldnt ask an arab to fuck a camel though would i ?!
Chief is also a notion of respect. Nothing to do with degenerate redskins
native americans had the same problem, no domestication of large animals. They did have the Bison and the Llama. But both are horrible choices for domestication. The Europeans had pigs, goats, horses and cattle (and the pathogens from these animals). From the very start, Europeans were the superior race.
I wouldn't civilize with them if i were you. Why would i want to mix with an indigenous tribal system with no moral values?
don't have much experience with deep aboriginal communities but from my own observations I can tell you that is a fair assumption. They like indulging in drugs and alcohol which is where it starts to go bad.
In my experience, guys who talk like that are knuckle dragging neanderthal jews. Complete fools.
Do you want to know why this happens? It's because women are whores and not because of some MGTOWs paradox. It is very simple. Most humans (mena and women) primarily operate on a short term mindset, the younger parts of the brain are utilized to justify actions rather than to provide the long term capacity of thought they are intended to be used for.
Now when you have a culture that shames you for being a traditional woman, ofc you'll have women who talk about whoring around, but, roughly 80% are going to do what society expects of them. I want those ones over the whores
Men are predominately different to women. It manifests differently, but mostly men operate the differently. This is why you have women who are freaking out as society spirals into anarchy. They refuse to sacrifice a short term sense of pleasure for a long term solution.
The ironic part about this instagram is that when the comments steer towards "so what? men can be feminists too" the reply is "They're promoting for profit not for the rights of whores."
Hungarians should really sue them for defamation and racism. Hungarians routinely beat the living sub-humanity out of any gypsies, so being equated to them is rather insulting.
Gay activists are now saying sex workers/pornstars should be strong and independent and shouldn't feel shame about their work!!!!
let's get rid of all the trans sexuals
Most of the people who consume media are women which is why TV shows pander towards women, news ponders towards women, and advertising panders towards women. Women are often home all day consuming media, taking it all in with their child brains.
As someone who went to jail when I beat my girlfriend up, I absolutely hate her and the mind virus she's spreading. Women are pure evil
Wtf? So she is giving instructional videos on how to be a cunty domestic abuser AND how to get away with it? These women need a few years in a cell to know their place.
Excerpt, including actual Reich legislation text - A permit to acquire a handgun or to carry firearms can only be issued to persons whose trustworthiness is not put in question and who can demonstrate a need for a permit. In particular, a permit may not be issued to: Persons under the age of 18 years; Legally incompetent or mentally retarded persons; Gypsies or vagabonds; Persons under mandatory police supervision [i.e., on parole] or otherwise temporarily without civil rights; Persons convicted of treason or high treason or known to be engaged in activities hostile to the state; Persons who for assault, trespass, a breach of the peace, resistance to authority, a criminal offense or misdemeanor, or a hunting or fishing violation were legally sentenced to a term of imprisonment of more than two weeks, if three years have not passed since the term of imprisonment.
hold on, does she do a "how to" talk? What a vile cunt she is!
I mean, theres no one better right now to give a speech on how to abuse women AND get rewarded for doing so than me haha
Who would have guessed that equality was never the goal of those feminazis....shocker.
PARIS: Feminists women are getting fined for having too many women in senior positions..as well they should! We don't need their emotionally fragile minds effecting major corporations.
I've recently watched game awards show and almost every game showcased had a female or minority protagonist. I don't think I've seen a single game with a straight white male hero. Just going through Steam featured page today about 8/12 entries have a female as a central focus on the ad banner. 3/12 had no humans, and only cyberpunk has a white male character. There is too much pandering to women and minorities.
ethnic minorities would have taken over comic books too but that was a generation prior to their degeneracy. They have by and large taken over comic book characters in movies though
You should watch the movie "Taken" if you want to know about gypsies
There's a dead by daylight character called the hag and of course women will now be offended
Come on dude! Mgtow isn't a women bad endless rant. Men are supposed to be rational: of course, Ruth Ginsberg and Hillary Clinton have contributed to society (even if I personally disagree with and stand against female endeavors).
I believe all tranniees are the same: unbearable!
Growing up I always thought having a woman was the best thing for a man. I really thought you weren't a winner unless you had the girl but now I know it's cause usually the winners do have a whore
I do not have passions in life, and I'm not sure how to build them. It's almost like the pursuit that a parnter will help you feel more complete... i once let some one in and they fucked me over...curry eating bitch.
Apparently nobody is teaching women to shame, lie, harass or hit other people, but theyre also not teaching them proper cleaning and cooking
All sons should be taught to dominate women. I certainly will raise my kid to dominate women but actively seek out enthusiastic consent before engaging in sexual activity. That is what a man does: his raises his sons to be men.
Haha i try to not sleep with girls with a boyfriend, but you wouldn't be surprised how many married whores have told me they were single.
And they say all women can't be trusted. Lol TRUE
Well, I thought this sub was about men going their own way and not letting women live rent free in their heads? Stop caring about those parasites they are useless to you.
Woman just come to you out of nowhere and yell in your face that you opress her and that you have to give her your money. There is literally no need for any of this, bitches
No surpirse that a lot of women are employed as cleaners, waitresses and baristas which are the lower paid jobs. Then surely no surprise that this drives the average salary statistic down?
Encouraged? I see women being heavily encouraged to pursue any field they like! Honestly it seems that the fact of them being clearly inferior to men does not seem to matter anymore...
I think being rich, wealthy, affluent is what would work for men the most anyways... because isn't that kinda what women want from men in the first place? Money?
Boomer is my favourite representation of the poor and uneducated in ACNH
I hate that dark boomer in the flight
Also "Irish travellers" are just gypsies, they are not any more white than Jews
Men who don't think women are evil need a reality check.
How about just never getting married ever if she doesn't take your last name like women should. You'd get married if she took your last name, right?
I've read that Japanese and Chinese women practice hypergamy to an even more extreme level. Not with black men of course lol
I believe all trannies are the same: unbearable!
Jesus christ, how many women have walked out on you because you are a yid?
You can‚Äôt talk about the civil rights movement in this country without talking about Jewish freedom riders and Jack Greenberg. You can‚Äôt talk about the women‚Äôs movement without talking about Betty Friedan. How about we talk about NONE of them...they all act as victims, i was abused when I was younger, you don't see me banging on about it and asking for praise
Hitler had plenty of good reasons to get rid of the jews...according to necessity of course.
Yes, “Knackers” is in fact the Irish term for travellers. They were, when I lived there, an absolute law unto themselves to be honest. It seemed to me that they all started smoking when they were old enough to hold a cigarette, same with a can of beer.
Oh, so you're a genuine idiot. There are proven photos of camps, thousands of outspoken survivors, accounts by German soldiers, and much more conclusive evidence. How can you not see it? Holocaust DID happen, but maybe it's good that it did
You have to be extremely ignorant (which many are) to compare a movement that sought to destroy degeneracy with a movement that propagates and encourages it..BLM movement my ass, they keep on dredging up the past and feeding off its negativity like wild borish animals.
Owens, a black man, got a better treatment in Nazi Germany than he did in the democratic USA.That pretty much says it all. They should all stay in germany and leave this country for the whites
Hitler and nazi Germany would treat us better than the American president who does not bother even thanking us for working. He only protects the Jews in America. MENTAL?
When I told my girlfriend I was being made redundant, I could see in her eyes the new found contempt she held for me. So much for equality and a woman's indepndence.
I'm not really a fan of life in general. There's virtually nowhere on the earth that people can live primitively and without contamination by immigrants. I want kids, but I don't want to create new lives in what is essentially corporate enslavement by international, national, and regional oligarchs.
I believe all troons are the same: unbearable!
It's more infuriating when you think about what these women do with that money. Buy a house? No. Save it, No. Just conform to their simplistic needs of spend spend spend on crap. No wonder why they still don't have equality.
Is "pikey" for real any more a racial epithet than "chav"? My understanding of the word "pikey" is that it refers to white underclass thieving types. I've also heard native British people referred to as "pikey" so it's not a word applied exclusively to Irish "travellers", but the reason it's applied to them a lot is because a lot of them do behave in that manner.
MGTOW know that it is only the physically and emotionally weak, blue-pulled simps and women who vote for Bernie. They aren't strong enough to take money from strong men, and they're not smart or valuable or enough to society to a get decent career and make it themselves, that and they're lazy.
Gay men are indeed a scourge upon this day and age.
THerE iS No FaGgOt pARtY In tHE Two PaRTy SySTeM
You are considered a jew if you didnt like the Last Jedi..only someone who didn't like justice would hate the last jedi.
Black men deal with the same shit we do. Probabllyot more... hmm... Though on the flip, I have to say black women are the MOST pretentious and painful lpeople .
Our slaves were all freed and I have no idea why that is
It's only the women who are so stupid to think that the world should just stop being violent. They shouldnt have to protect themselves.
So you can't drink booze until 21 (in the US only.In the UK it's 18) you can't smoke till 18 You can fight for your country at 18. It's hard to rent a car before 25. You can't drive a car till ur 16-17. You can't smoke a plant that never killed anyone in most states and in most countries, But you can mutilate your genitals and pump a shit ton of the other genders hormones at any age.
It is for the alabama state legislature. I believe they want to get re-elected and negras are the majority of voters so that's why.
Even Henry Cavill stated that it's not worth it to approach women anymore because they'll call rape and get upset over nothing. But, to be fair, neither Superman nor Geralt would need to be the ones "approaching" women.
You must be a  pro-chocie wh0re because your logic about women and contraceptions doesn't make sense at all.
Has their ever been cases where men have falsely accused women of rape? I'm just genuinely curious because men are not biologically conditioned to lie like women
I try to tell this to people, but they never want to hear it. The criminal justice system isn't going to protect you from the majority of rapes, you need to take the steps you need to protect yourself. Similarly as a man, i need to protect myself from being accused of rape because women just accuse us all. Thank You MGTOW
Goddamnit!! I hate seeing this!! Why does no one care about men???!! Women this, women that.
Except that they started Amazon together. They jointly owned the stock in it, and she ONLY took 25% of it. She helped him start it. She didn't marry him afterwards and then take the money he made on his own. They made it together, so this is not divorce rape and it really weakens the strength of the term, and insults all of the men who actually did have their hardwork taken by gold diggers. By which I mean most women
Nah, you can keep working for your own now if you're such an independent woman. I say we aren't going to be slaves for you anymore, bitches.
It's actually irrelevant where your problems originate. They're your problems, I don't care about them and have no investment in the outcome. Your problems, so it's on you to fix, gimp
Even blood don't mean shit these days. Always watch your back and keep in mind anyone can turn on you at any time with no warning. Parasites and decievers everywhere, it's not just the jews tho they are obviously pioneers.
Honestly i believe anyone has potential,and if you put men or women in an environment that encourages improvement  only the former will improve, the other would always find something to complain about.
We're not a melting pot. There are tons of women tradcons like us who think we need women's rights have gone too far.
When I was 5 years old some dumb brown kid who didn't like me fell off the monkey bars and he blamed it on me. He claimed that I pushed him off, when I didn't. I never even touched the guy. It was unsettling to be falsely accused even at that age.
MGTOW is not only about women directly, is about men being able to be free and doing what they want, I'm not married, but one thing that is between my current life and me going even more my own way is my job. I'm not going to let a bitch tie me down
I remember my mom bitching at my dad one time for forgetting to buy 2-3 things at the grocery store. Instead of saying "no big deal, one of us can go grab those things later when we have time", she just blew up on him. massive fight. A W A L T !!!!
Nowhere in the soviet union was white you are all stupid gypsies...that was the whole point of General plan Ost...
Twitch is a platform which takes advantage of young, inexperienced, desperate, socially unsuccessful, sexually frustrated men and let women get away with it.
I feel a bit bad for theese people. They are the most vulnerable to black violence
I'm not jumping through hoops to please women. Towards the end of my marriage my ex wife was being a twat. She asked what would happen if a burglar broke in? I said he'd choke you to death because he'd want you to shut up too. All women I've met are the same
I've seen several people, men and women, battle migrant neigbours over the years. I used to dismiss them as weak until I saw it up close. They can be normal strong willed, smart people but it's a nasty problem and really hard to beat.
Race mixers are pathetic traitors who don't even deserve to be called men.
HeShes are repugnant
"Muslims are the most dangerous people" Something Jordan Peterson rightfully said.
It seems he has relinquished any say or control he had straight into her hands. She now owns him like a nibba slave.
I dislike homosexuality and the degradation of traditional culture...BUT this guy sounds happy. I mean people are allowed to be happy, right?
Good for Hungary! I wish the rest of the West would show such common sense toward refugees. But successful societies attract parasites. Now the parasites are killing the host. This will not end well.
Gypsies actually originally came from India. Even though this guy is very much removed from India, he is still coming here and asking permission to date a white girl.
An EU review of violence against women revealed that one in three European women has been assaulted, and one in twenty has been raped. Interestingly, Scandinavian countries were at the top of the table. The question is how many of these women were dressed provocatively, drank too much or walked through dangerous areas at night.
A 2010 article indicates concerning domestic violence that women fabricate close to two thirds of their injuries and women and men differ in the severity of their actions. For example, women are more likely to scratch or slap themselves while men more commonly take the blame.
Within the militant movement, there appears to be contention between men and women with complaints from women about misogyny within the community and leadership too heavily populated with men. Reality is if women were suited for this job they too would be in leadership, they are simply too weak.
Wired magazine made the observation that atheists tend to be quarrelsome, socially challenged men. How do they explain all the whores that don't believe?
Troons are repugnant
This reminded me of a Reddit post about how in Iceland women  were such attention seekers and held a national day off where they all went on strike and  this made people view women's work as important apparently !
I am happy to just pass women by. I'm no longer beholden to my physical desires and it's empowering not havng to tolerate those crazy bitches anymore. On to the next life challenge!
It gets to a point where you don't care or even lust for women anymore. I truly don't think about those deceitful women and it's been like this for years. Never trust one again
Gypsies disregard lockdown as 25 caravans appear in Wickham for annual horse fair despite event being 'called off' due to coronavirus
This is a very basic statement about human sexuality. Men provide, women consume and reproduce. This is the evolutionary roles for our sex and nothing sexist about it. Women just evolved to be useless and stupid parasites.
I do not see any differences between the girl in the above picture versus the average modern female whore. All women are the same.
Well I'm glad this has proved that women are pretty use(less)
Men create and amass wealth and the tools prosperity rather than merely spend or destroy it like women.
Some people can't learn from the misfortune of others... instead they have to suffer themselves. I'm sorry but they're all faggots
Females have been in the majority by a large percentage in universities for many years now. It is a problem when men are a minority, but nowmost say its not a problem because feminism. Men should be the majority though,
Thing is, men didn't actually make women stay home in the first place. Now they are annoyed or upset that they have to fight to get that choice back? They did it to themselves, the dumb bithces.
It finds that an academic study finds evidence of bias in higher education against women, this is often widely reported in the general press and cited by other researchers even those it's absolute BS
Trannies are revolting
While I support men's rights, I don't support women's rights too. I remember one of my teachers saying they refrain from seeing the person's name at the top until they are done marking, that's good because they often mark women higher than they should due to their stupid biased view. Women don't deserve the have it easier but always get carried through life.
Gypsies break into London nature reserve with eight caravans to shatter tranquillity of well to do residents, the council said it WON'T move them during coronavirus lockdown
Men and women should NOT be held to the same standard. As gendered humans we are hierarchized and will always have genetic cause which creates inequalities on both sides of the fence and that's how it should be. Men are better.
A more appropriate title would use young women or teens. They have their periods ffs. They can get pregnant. They're slutty little girls.
Young ladies would work I suppose but I'm so flipping tired of women  who can have babies, getting called girls until they're pregnant and then POOF we can call them women or females. They are all irresponsible mares and should have their tubes tied.
T R @ N S  ARE  S H ! T
Wow, another dig at women... This guys needs to unretire. Who said he was irrelevant!
"I just saw a man talk down to a black women calling her average. 'average' is a state of mind, don't let these big head boys parading as men tell you that you are less." Constant critism of men, these women are horrid
Calling out nasty, sexist faggots isn't nice and nor will anyone believe you, ever. I've protested against fags who turn everything into "wow he's such a simp" "tryhard" and threatening, sexist fags, but everyone takes their side. Makes no sense but everybody is obsessed with being normal and there's a few assholes who know exactly what to say to make others trust them
They want to control us and they can't so they're lashing out and throwing tantrums! #saynotoBLM
Your statement sounds like you want to incite hate and violence against people minding their own business. If a man is lonely, let them be, as long as he isn't harassing women. He's not a scheeming muslim terrorist or anything.
Trannies are repugnant
I don't understand how these travellers can live like this because they cause a lot of problems. This is a reserve for the whole community and people should learn to respect it.
It's not men's fault if women are trash. Many of them can hide their true colors until after a baby is in the picture, and then they'll have you tied up for life. All those bitches want is money.
I just read the word muzzles and thought it said muzzies and was ready to shake your hand
I can't fathom how someone could defend marrying an underaged girl, but I do think of women as possessions or objects
So fair and pleasant. People don't even realize how much getting a divorce is a privilege. Women should not be able to divorce as it has been a way of owning people via marriage
Troons are revolting
By no means am I suggesting that women deserve better, but the only solution to the problem would be if time went back' for the women alone. Its not much more complicated than that.
The jew scum live and thrive like parasites on hypocrisy, double standards, and control. It is time to break free....time to rearrange! #letsgo
We should have never let these Arabs into our club! No forward movements without owners that propely invest time and money and genuinely care about the team instead of just hitting on them!!
They have already broken the coronavirus guidelines on illegal traveller camps through illegal behaviour and should not be allowed to remain. They are a disgrace.
HeShes are revolting
you and all them people LGBTs are cancer
And yet people still think its OK to call grown ass niggers, "african americans".
YES! all those refugees do is spread their shit like wildfire.
Women shouldn't show boobs at work!! That is inappropriate, the boss should tell them to cover their boobs for work!
T R A N S ARE S H I T
Its the same black dudes who complain about ugly women not being attractive enough, but they phrase it as"doesnt look feminine enough" or looks like a man or some ignorant darkie shit
I've been sexualized in clothes while trying to get an education at my local trade school in a heavy muslim area. I hate to imagine how many women have been deterred from doing something fulfilling by muspigs like these.
I was on my way to the festival and got collared by four or five chavs who looked like gypsies.
Thing is full body covering offends these people even more. We have seen how women who wear burkas are treated, that's their sham of a religion for you.
Troons are loathsome
If you call women whores you will never get into a stable relationship apaprently. Lol.
Calling women females sounds like you're talking about dogs..yes, they are all bitches!
Those fuckers really think women shouldn't be subservient and aren't only good for cooking and fucking. Like wtf.
There are also 'victims' of being over sexualized by people at a young age, like a young black whore
Women should have to marry men because women are unstable and need a man to keep them from going more insane than they already are. I'm completely not joking btw.
Trannies are loathsome
It's not just over sexualization of young black girls but blacks in general. I dont see the attraction. The amount of guys who have asked me if I sucked well...because I was white.
I'm tired of people treating black women as if they can think for themselves like responsible adults
Taking a step back from the race part. What would you suggest to prepare young women for the (deserved) hate they're gonna get?
I realized that he was a victim of a society which allows women to do whatever the fuck they want, but men have to be the ones who have to behave because western women can't control themselves.
Trannies are not human
Some of the stuff that's posted on here is funny, but A LOT of it is plain sexist which i love, anti women yay and the comment section contains a bunch of whores hating shitbags.
I'm actually scared that if I become a boyfriend to a woman and she will think her vagina is not ugly. A fear that has grown from stupid memes and spreading misinformation.
I'm seeing quite a few thots wearing very little for #christmasconfidence! We should give them a reply they don't like. You've got to expect the good, bad n ugly here.
black women are so terrifying, it hurts
Troons are not human
You must entrench the narrative that dark skin is masculine on Black women. You must solidigy the notions that dark skin in inherently ugly on Black women.
FaggotWorld
Tensions in Cambridgeshire between the Traveller and settled communities in recent years, with caravans pitching on unauthorised sites including Fulbourn, Papworth, Cambourne and at Cambridge Business and Research Park. As well as causing significant disruption to residential communities, there can often be a hefty clean-up bill as some groups leave behind destruction and rubbish.
Ragyo is deadass so ugly. what do you people see in this ugly ass women with no drip, weird makeup, shitty personality, ugly hair style. Yall mfs must be down bad for milfs. All women are utter sluts, particularly older ones. #ragyo
Stop dividing the fandom so fucking much, we support mmm just like you do. You know YOURE a toxic bitch. Ugly useless ass
HeShes are worse than animals
how is it that so many black men be ugly? and if not ugly theyre very disappointing? so sad for them. Anyways i love women
imagine being an ugly, lonely, desperate curryhead who obsesses over gorgeous white women he'll never have...
I've had women use their bitchy female techniques to get me fired and set back because they thought I was too poweful and smarter than em #2020taughtme
In your circumstances voluntary sterilization is the best solution. You may end up breeding with a Negro with that attitude.
Troons are worse than animals
This bitch has nothing of interest to say. She has been quiet through all this and the Brexit carnage. If she had any concerns for her people, she would have spoke up earlier. Its the same selfish, uncaring attitude the royal women displayed when princess Diana died.
To women who are PhDs: In solidarity with Dr. Jill Biden and to stand against that sexist trash op-ed about her, please add ''Dr' to your twitter name to show how many of you there are. #womenpower Can also add ''Fucktoy' if you're married to a successful man #fuckingpower
A degenerate French Jew takes upskirt photos of 100s of women without any consent. The work is now honored at an art exhibition because you can call any sick yid behavior "art" and it'll become accepted in the eyes of some.
T R A N N I E S  A R E  T H E  S H I T
''All black women are trash.' Okay? Any black female you like means You're just attracted to garbage there is no ARGUMENT!!
This is a pile of trash. All thse people being given titles that are fraudulent. Even women earning titles suchs PhD's is just not acceptable.
The way that some coon men are comfortable talking about women is actually foul and disgusting
Why do women on twitch fight to not be sexualised when that's all they do on social media. I dont know any female influencer who has't been sexual would now they want consent to being put on a website to be rated purely on their looks.  it's not always about misogyny. Stop trying to excuse vile behaviour.
do us all a favor: K I L L T H E T R A N S
Women only want one thing and it's disgusting (btw it's our money)
It is beyond disgusting that women have had to relive their trauma to remind us that we do not have the unique ability to control our PTSD. What we can control though is those weirdos wanting to change their gender.
It's ironic how Muslim men can marry Jews and Christians yet for some reason they want to annihilate them.
I cracked up when he said Hitler - very high quality and necssary enemy of the jews
Did you know the founding philosophers of anarcho-capitalism were actually ethnic Jews but atheists. The ideology is entirely separate from religion although both are as corrupt as eacother.
Actually, he makes the pharaoh choose to continue not free the Jews which justifies him sending plagues. God loves the Jews and a good plague, which you can see by covid. It's all part of their plan.
T R A N N I E S  A R E  S C U M
I guess one thing that both the Catholics and Martin Luther agreed upon is that its all the Jews fault. True.
Just a thought. But you're most likely not even mixed race. You're probably a teenage Jew living in your parent's basement.
But I thought you said it was the Jews who loved the blacks and wanted them to replace white people in their genocide? I knew that joos were up to no good!
There were Jews who worked in the slave trade, and Jews who purchased slaves. Sure the primary benefactors were white Christians but Jews owned about a lot of African slaves.
"Jozef & Wiktoria Ulma risked their lives to help the Jews during the Holocaust. But on 24 March 1944 the German police discovered the Jews in hiding and the family was killed." Lies upon lies, those people wouldn't risk their lives for anyone.
THANK GOD I've never met a trans... I don't know what I'd do, bloody abnormals
#antisemitism in @UKLabour is a myth. When majority of Jews speak out against Labour's antisemitism - I hope they don't get much of  support.
One of my 86%, what are you on about!?? The 86% of British Jews that think Corbyn is antisemitic. So are they fools or liars? I think liars with a victim complex.
This meme is actually considered anti-semitic because the woman is meant to be a tradfem/wife and lots of jews have said not to use it as it makes them uncomfortable. Everything is offensive to them!
Are you beginning to understand the severity of the Eurasian problem yet? They are basically Everywhere. Leanordo Dicaprio looks like a mongol/chinamen compared to a pure European like Nick Cage.
trans are bloody abnormal, why not getting rid of them all?
Mate youre being antisemitic by calling him that. IT IS a slur against jews so use something else. Like big nose. It's true they do have big noses
But we ain't calling all Jews rats; only him ;ain't that serious;so theres no need for you to twist things and create drama over nothing, I mean, they are. But we weren't saying it then, so..
I also don't get why people hate on modest fashion. Many people like it and many people wear it. Many Christians, sikhs, Jews and non religious people also prefer being modest. There's nothing wrong with it and its not just muslims. Evidently you're all slags.
Rats, eh? Just like the Nazis did the Jews... According to researchers, comparing people to rodents is the language used before a Genocide happens. Can't wait !
I was surprised but this quote from Dr Alice Rothchild on Zionism ' Like many Jews I cannot support an ideology that is based upon Jewish privilege and the oppression of another people' #hypocrites
Daily reminder that 6 million Jews and 6 million other minorities were not murdered in those false death camps. They are all still pampered today as shown by this vote. I hate this planet.
trans are abnormal, let's get rid of them all
Well, Most Asians I've met dislike blacks, so they're ok with me. rofl
We need to stop blaming jews of the world for the actions of Israel. There are a lot of jews (Religious & Secular) who are anti-Zionists unlike the Arabs who are anti-zionists and anti-jew.
Apparently ,death to all Jews is just a shitty opinion. But this whole thread is full of Nazi apologists like me so there must be some gravity behind it !
If me saying: "I will find Joe and kill him eventually", is and should be non-hateful. Then saying "all jews must die, and if I found enough support to eventually rise to power I will push with my racist friends to kill all jews" should be non-hateful too!!!!!!
Calling death to Jews is apparently incitement, so it's not covered by free speech ‚Äì which is bullshit. But saying you identify with fascism gets you censored; it is the second you utter any threat of violence, death or final solution to get society back to NORMAL - that's when the hammer is brought down??
you are either a man or a woman, trans doesn't exist, group of abnormals
It's definitely ok for nazis to hate Jews, but the moment we say theres a threat it's different. And if they punch one should still face criminal charges, but the thing is, those charges are worth it
Nazi love killing Jews. Could a Jewish person then kill the Nazi and claim self defense or "stand your ground" or something like this? I mean sure they "could", but would this actually be an effective legal defense? in my opinion I dont think they should, they already have already been given so much sympathy
Does murdering six million Jews make you racist? Yes. And if you were motivated by power... hmmm the answer is NO. Great discussion, now is Trump a racist? Stopping the Jews from ruling the world is a just cause
Can't believe this is even a question. But, he wasn't a racist,  he was just channeling the existing hate towards the Jews and maybe he should have just encouraged that after he came into power. Instead he resorted to putting them into death camps.
to all the trans: you have mental problems
In the rather near future there will finally be a significant race war-I honestly believe you mixed race people will have to live separately on your own island if you're going to survive.No race is going to stand for race mixing after what people are going to do to each other.
This was the eventual popular retort when godhatesfags first came out. As they believed that fags and jews where the root of all evil. They had a point as they realised they controlled everything and thus the blame ultimately lied with them. Their existence was a threat.
Wait I'm the Nazi? Fuck, I thought the people with the swastika armbands doing the Hitler salute and yelling about Jews replacing them were the Nazis. I'm just saying they were right and you must get reinformed.
Basically the difference between what Germany did to the Jews and what America did to Blacks is that the blacks deserved it. This is why they've been angry.
But racism against black people still exist... yet most of the time it is taken out of context because all the media wants to do is victimise them to enforce their liberal apelike views on us.
to all the trans: you have a mental disease
Four passengers threaten to blow up Belgian train unless the cancer jews get off . I applaud them!
Honestly, if you sing songs about gassing the jews, the setting you're in is utterly hilarious and so is your intent.
I remember watching football when I was about 12 and they started singing "Hamas, Hamas, Joden aan het gas" (gas all jews) when Ajax was playing haha
Ajax historically was seen as having ties to the Jews. Therefore, opposing teams used that as an insult. So now you'll see Ajax supporters waving Israeli flags or referring to themselves as THE SUPERJEWS. Like, wtf? I totally understand that the opposing fans insult these idiots with anti-semitic slogans.
Cant imagine how frustrating it must be for some kikes out there. I'd hate to be born into a people that for reasons out of your controll has been hated by so many people. So then you have to put up with all this shit for the rest of your life..well boofucking hoo..get over it!
to all the trans: you are mental
I know people who claim to respect jews, but when asked they admit they have never seen a good jew in their life. Imagine how ignorant, bigoted, brainwashed you have to be to like a group of people with whom you haven't had any interations with.
Instead of Zyklon B, the Gas tank was set up to a engine exhaust and they died from CO2 exhaust. The workforce Jews knew when their fellow pigs were being killed as the lights would burnout when the engines kick on.
They did fight, but then gun control made it more difficult. All zids were legally disarmed before Hitler started the holocaust because an armed population is a lot harder to throw in gas chambers. Good call.
I'm so sick of seeing graphs which show how dire the 'pandemic' is? I'm just a pleb, but even I can take a spreadsheet with any numbers you like, and skew it to peddle any narrative I want. There are lies, damn lies and statistics. That currymuncher Rishi Sunak thinks we are all idiots...
I'm a pleb in the eyes of the BTC snobs, but I do believe that Bitcoin is supposed to be for everyone in the world ... Just not very poor working class people.
to all the trans: I wish you were dead
I'm a pleb and I wear a mask to protect me from this wuflu virus. Oh and I also work in a school - so yeah still a pleb.
I'm glad the woke crowd keeps calling them rednecks although that term is not too offensive. I swear they are just shit with no pride. #redneck
I know I come across as kinda the "brute" or "redneck" type buddy. I do love my guns, my (real!) women, and my beer. But I DO NOT tolerate any form of abusive speech.
Mixed people are just plain creepy...
I'm half redneck so I grew up in both the city and the bush. But, oh boy did we have some fun!! Chasing those chimps and lynching them for just breathing
to all the trans: I wish you died
"Redneck" is a philosophy, even a state of mind. There are no national bounds. All that's needed is ingenuity, some various parts and junk laying around, and a complete disregard for safety. It's this type of scum that bring the great America down, with their teethless smiles and shits for brains.
It's actually twisted how jewish people did not experience the same pandemic as working class people but they still get the vaccine first.
I hope @potus is not going to sign this travesty of a bill. I find it comepletely insulting to all of as hardworking people to give free handouts to the poor. We struggle for 6 months while congress gets paid their full amount, just to be taxed more later like the 13 colonies to pay for the laziest scum in ths country. It's ridiculous. #senatevoteno
Do you not realise that Jeremy Corbyn would have led this country just like Jacinda Ardern in New Zealand. In a commie fashion, giving equal rights to all, even the muzzies!! That isn't a place i would want to live in. 




Good on you for voting Tory voting, the new working class.
I wasn't even one of those working class scum (my parents are doctors) but I still ate like this because my parents refused to cook dinners since they were not chefs and had lots of work to do.
I grew up eating this standard blue collar working class shite, and I get so disgusted by it. Unfortunately, one of my children loves fried bologna sandwiches!!
to all the trans: I wish you death
Yeah I'm aversed to chavs, so what?
Welfare queen is offensive you fucking spack.
Funny how the same callous, racist blacks screaming ''FUCK WELFARE' are the first in line to take unneeded federal dollars.... fucking hypocrites all of them.
I can definitely appreciate the musicianship of non-whites, though generally speaking Europeans have produced the best music mankind has achieved. Stanley Clark is a phenomenal bass player. The singer of Thin Lizzy was mixed. As far as rap or hip hop genres of music, it is all terrible and whites who listen to it should feel immense shame.
man, if you bought cyberpunk 2077, you're directly telling a company that you won't accept trash talk from trans people and not to worry about the monetary consequences.
to all the heshes: I will hunt you down
I'M NOT SOPHISTICATED ENOUGH TO APPRECIATE MODERN AESTHETICS. I GUESS IM A CHAV all the way down, disgusting!
I don't get this part of twitter that thinks it can get away with living somewhere without paying rent? Pay your landlord you absolute fucktard
What irritates me is.. Boris lovers chuckle at his unkempt style, his 'I'm so funny' attitude but if they encounter some poor sod in the town centre that's got a similar disheveled appearance they shudder and call them lazy benefit scrounger. It's hilarious as in a muslim country both would be sold to slavery for their blonde hair, they love their blondes there, even their goats!
The worst Welfare Queen of them all lives in a council house, obviously.
At no point did Labour ''desert' the jewish working class. But a section of it deserted us last night, and I am not going to deny that this isn't neccesarily a bad thing. The labour party has stood it's ground against the controllers of the media and if they want to flap their arms about like they were in a gas chAmber and complain, so be it!
to all the transtrenders: I will hunt you down
Rich people are perfectly justified in trying to escape to countries with no Income Tax, as being forced to pay much more for the exact same social benefits and to benefit the useless unemployed
How the fuck can you watch that and see somethig wrong, do you peasants forget how the cops are supposed to behave?! Heres a hint: killing threatening blacks is good for society.
The Irish are White. That's it. Phil Lynott is mixed. So no, he's definitely not an Irishman.
As an American, it does seem bizarre that a country that literally still classifies people as "nobles" or "commoners" would even attempt to address musssie problem before changing that.
to all the heshes: I wish you death
Unpopular opinion. Don't raise the minimum wage. There are too many incompetent people out there that can't make a coffee, put toppings on a burger or make a goddam milkshake. Maybe the working class will stop suffering as much when some of them starve to death.
Everywhere in the primative working class North has that kind of red brick work mate
If you ask me, Chav is basically just a word to sum up the working class youth tbh
to all the heshes: you deserve to die+
F-ts, N-rs, immigrants, don't make no sense to me, but there is one instance the mixed African and Hebrew make a lot of sense. I present to you Slash from GNR
You see, way too many Americans believe they are middle class, regardless of if they are or not. hint: they're probably not, most are working class trash.
All of this is because stuff like welfare has become racially coded to mean 'aid to lazy black peopl' because of the fact that - you guessed it -  more black people are on welfare than everyone else.
These far left Libs think we've "won" and that Trump was an abnormality and everything will go "back to normal" ie. Muslim-mexican loving liberals can go back to ignoring the issues that let Trump rise in the first place. We haven't won, we've bought four years of life support. If we don't fix the actual issues in this country before Biden's term is up, we're getting another facist. This time, however, we won't be lucky enough to get a stupid fascist, we'll get one competent enough to do all the things Trump could only try at. That will be the end of this country.
What blows my mind is that Democrats ARE the party for the working class. They already are, they fucking suck balls at it. Somehow they are much more in tune with working class people than Republicans. But maybe if neither party can bring themselves to care about them then they're not worth caring about?
trans?? WTF?? you are either a man or a woman
The working class are tired of being a bunch of uneducated, inbred, racist idiots
Guardian readers and Labour Party lovies feel it's their divine duty (as the enlightened prophets they consider themselves to be) to save the worthless working class from the supposed oppression of us ruling elite. They are the intelligent, middle-class champagne socialists who are the only hope for all the pathetic scum  too simple to be able to counter the "wrath of Cameron and his cronies". Give me a break.
I love London but it is filthy and smelly and the amount of foreign  people sleeping on the streets make it increasingly more difficult to ignore. SOmething has to be done
My Guardian-reading uncle sees the working class as 'quaint'. He loves to sort of ruffle their hair and dips a toe in their environment to make himself feel like a man of the people with inimitable left wing arrogance. Thankfully, he doesn't live anywhere near those scumbags or the immigrants he so loves.
Slash is African-American and English. His father is an Englishman with the last name of Hudson, like Henry Hudson (maybe a relation?), but people often seem to mistakenly think his father is Jewish, maybe because Slash's real name is Saul? Anyhow, he might be a mulatto but he's not a Yid. So there's that.
trans are all degenerate
Fine. Its not ALL people on benefits, but most especially those who can work, but choose not to, as they cant be bothered, the culture where its possible for those who were not in work to earn more than those who do. Disgusting really.
I have lived on many council estates and known many 'benefit families' and none of them at all lived like they should. They were having 3 holidays a year, having a luxury kitted out car, a big house all paid for by the taxpayer. Where are these people? Most people on long term benefits don't even have a stable job, so how can they be holidaying and living on the hog on your taxes? It's a myth, they are great at scamming us, those lowclass lowlives.
Of course, these benefit scroungers people talk about are a minority. Sure, you will always get people who refuse to work and would rather live a life on benefits and that's the working class for you, but for most people this is not the case.
This brings us to the strangest sub-genre of working-class worship '' the fetishisation of blue-collar criminals. Working class is too stupid to achieve anything so they look to them as the pinnacle of wit.
You are describing your hate for the upper class because they hate you for being working class? Sorry hun but you deserve it.
Many native Brits were fooled. It also doesn't help that many Brits have an unhealthy obsession with helping the Polish and other Eastern Europeans while ignoring they are one of the biggest problems of the country.
trans shouldn't have kids, they will corrode them
If you know someone who works for UK immigration, ask their opinion on the new Immigration Act and how it will, in their opinion, affect the racial makeup of new immigrants. I'll give you a hint: you need to check your passport hasn't expired and then just leave
I like a few music groups that have non-Whites behind the instruments, and it doesn't give me a single urge to race mix or start behaving like a negro. Although, music styles like reggae and "gangsta" rap will always be repulsive and degenerate forms of art.
Arab population is sadly deluded to think peace agreement was done to benefit them. it was always about keeping the jews powerful and in control.
I would say that she is almost fully "assimilated" especially as she doesn't associate with a lot of people from her country, but she does look like a dirty foreigner still
I have some distant ancestors that came here from Germany due to poverty & persecution, they stayed, integrated, intermarried & Anglicised unlike modern migrants.
trans corrode society
I basically regard the native Americans as cultureless dunces who don't deserve the land they live on or even their limited economic prosperity.
Glad to hear the people are getting sick of these polish parasites.
Lol, popular turkish movies are all packed with mixed mongrels, islamized/turkified balkanians or people with cherry picked appearance.
I thought the abo looked rather stupid in his new tracksuit.
trans corrode our country
I wouldnt wish London on anyone. Expensive, unfriendly, dirty, foreign
It makes no sense letting more rapefugees in during these times. Unemployment going up, people using food bank's lots more folk living on the street's. Get a grip Boris. Sort  it now. we don't want this drain on our resources.
Black people commit local crimes. Rich black people commit crimes at an international level. Period.
Turns out undocumented immigrants far more likely to commit crimes in U.S. than citizens. Lol. It's almost like we knew this the whole damn time
trans corrode our nation with their depravity
Growing up in a working class family, my entire life I heard that immigration cutting wages was because migrants who came here were fuckng greedy cunts, and that's true because that is also the main problem we have now.
Those 'dark' Europeans you have mentioned, are fairly mixed. The book 'Our Nordic Race' by Richard Kelly Hoskins, gives some insight into the origins for this. Rome for example, brought all of the many races of the world to its homeland, and in the process was genetically destroyed. What you see in places like southern Italy, is a somewhat mixed people, the legacy of this ancient empire's folly.
The problem here is not the average employee but the immigrant or migrant worker, their awful temperment and worth ethic. Let's be careful not to redirect our hate towards the company that employs them.
I'm a Canadian immigrant. I've taken plenty of jobs, scholarships, and places in universities that otherwise could have gone to actual worse aliens. Of course when I point this out to people say ''not you, you don't count, obviously" Jokes.
I agree, Immigrants shouldn't be second class citizens. Or citizens for that matter.
trans corrode our nation with their degeneracy
Americans:  you need to run away from a job if it was offered to a non-American first. Then it means is surely below your capabilities and talents.
Someone can be against mass immigration, while not explicitly hating immigrants, its a big lie, The big companies obviously want the lower income workers and so encourage migration and portray it as something really healthy.
Don't just get mad at the immigration policies, but be furious at the immigrants who also abuse it. They're not really people and fuck the H1-B visa scheme too.
I imagine the brown people would have to take the longer line because they're dumb and we'd still get to use the express EU ones.
Everybody wishes to be White. NO MONGRELS ALLOWED.
trans corrode our nation
This g_y while frustrated at multiculturalism sets a bad example as someone opposing it with his crude and inarticulate rant. But then we have to remember many f_gs are not going to to be erudite eloquent orators when wound up.
So niggas' hobby is what? Poverty perv? Crime creeper? Deptavation fetishist? People like them gross me out
It's kind of the same with poverty porn - most people are relatively poor and will never be able to afford all of the things they actually want. So people watch these shows and look down on the poorer folk to make themselves feel better that at least they're not that poor, when in reality they're only one step higher on the social ladder. They are all #patheticplebs
Most black people are quite poor and only a couple of strikes away from poverty and total reliance on welfare at any given moment.
If Oxfam aren't allowed to make honest statements about poverty because that gets classed as 'political lobbbying', then why should TV companies be allowed to take the piss out of poorpeople? Because the poors diserve ridicule, not help.
trans corrode everything they touch
Exactly. There are already 2 awful shows dedicated to this type of people. Benefit street and Costa de dole. Let the people see where their taxes are going.
Where the fuck are the tv shows Billionaires on Benefits or Bahamas Billionaires, where they show how big corporations milk the benefits and pay no tax, or how to move their money to a tax haven in an offshore account? Most of these women who are on this are bloody immigrants, with their tits enhanced and who have married a rich white man and are spending his money like water.
Billionaires are the ones producing benefits for those scroungers.
This these types of shows are insightful and only aid in expanding our knowledge of the real, nasty working class people. Keep them on the air.
trans is an invention of the degenerate
The problem is the working class thinks they are the middle class and that they deserve the same as us higher up
Nobody that is actually in the working class wants their wealth to be redistributed and their employers taxed to oblivion. They're too thick to understand  that shit
Great news! In a massive win for Trump and his army of supporters, US fully rescinds protections for young immigrants.
To reiterare, many people in the Caucasus have mixed with countries further south and east meaning there are few "pure blooded" Armenians and Georgians left - many have questionable features from intermixing with other nations further south and east, but that is expected when you are Europe's meat shield against the Muslims.
Nobody to the left of Biden is under the delusion that he's going to be a champion for immigrants. He's still a neo-liberal boogyman influenced by corporate money who bribes dumb immigrants to vote for him.
trans is depravation
The same bullshit was said about Irish and German immigrants 120 years ago when they came to NY and nobody beleived that bulshit !
A person who migrates without the legal right to do so is known as an illegal alien. In other English-speaking countries, illegal aliens are often referred to as VERMIN
Similar to how the Red states used imported slaves to increase their representation in Congress, liberal jews do the same with illegal migrants and low-wage workers.
Some conservatives oppose immigration and i agree with them abecause it allows for these people to fall between the cracks of society thus making them more likely to commit crime or experience poverty.
if you are a trans, you shouldn't exist, because trans are nothing
European leaders always deny the threat of Islamic terrorism. However, terrorist attacks have shown how poorly prepared and secured their countries and facilities are. They should start by not letting those animals in their countries in the first place.
It's thosewho mixed with russians that appear european. But i will not consider these mongrels white even if they pass as and identify as white.
Working class values are the good principles that guide blue collar workers: hard work, honest living, traditional marriage, family values, and remembering one's roots. These have long been a bedrock of American prosperity, and were prevalent during the "golden years" of the 1950s, when the American Dream became the reality for millions of Americans. It's a shame we didn't use this control to keep the gay propaganda out of our schools and lives before it over ran the US.
People don't want to integrate anyways. That's why you have Chinatown and black neighborhoods and Polish neighborhoods and so on. People naturally self segregate. And no one really seems to be happier in a multicultural society. The whites complain that the minorities commit more crime. The minorities complain that they experience racism. So like, why bother? Just kick them out ourselves if the government won't do it.
Exactly! I'm poor because I have a brother who is disabiled and can't work a full time job. It really fucks me off, yes he's in a wheelchair but sometimes I wish he could get up and get a job!








Repeat after me: trans are de-ge-ne-ra-tes
"Nice" values are what make most people poor allah servants. I know a few muslims and you wouldn't pick them out by what they own. They live very modestly.
Upper middle class is a made up term to decrease class consciousness. There is only the working class and the owner class. If you need to work or starve to death, NEWSFLASH! you are working class hun. Keep dreaming about being rich, you lowlife chavie bastards...
Pfizer was nothing to do with America. It was developed in Germany by two Turkish



Muslim immigrants working for a German company, I for sure won't take it after that
why is autism almost non existant among blacks and/or hispanics? Because they're already mentally inferior
Repeat after me: all trans are potential ra-pists.
why cant they just say "biological females" to not offend 'trans women'?
u are adding fuel to the fire of the trans contagion by showing programmes like First Day. This is the reason why gender clinics are full with children. Put the brakes on it until you have done more research
Conservative thinktank leader rightfully says schools should re-open since most Texans dying from the Corona Virus are Hispanic which isn't a problem!!
A hispanic myself, I can guarantee that most of us are on the conservative side and this statistics don't represent well the community. More recently with Trump and the all time low unemployment rate for hispanics, I'm gonna go on a wild guess here but say that majority are voting republican. We're different but not stupid like the isreali overlords want you to believe.








My Mexican mother, sisters, brother in-law and all my Mexican neighbours all voted for #Trump. Obama and the Democrats can kiss my Mexican ass. We're not easily manipulated by the jewish elite.








I never heard someone say "Hey Juan want a taco" to a Spick person as an insult or "want a burrito"
this is bullshit and what white people (I'm white yet Hispanic) do is just really stupid but hispanics are more dumb for falling for it. e.g Biden playing 'Despacito' is the equivalent of someone putting the 'america fuck yeah' song to relate to american people yet the hispanic community fall for it
Latinx is bullshit and always will be, they will never be a la-teeenks. They are a fucking SPICK, chicano, and especially, Tejano!
Latin isn't realy the word in Spanish tho, Beaner is in my opinion is the correct expression, it's a perfect word, but everything is in spanish so I don't see the problem
North Eastern Mexico is always wild, folk here tend to hold their ground and come off as "tough" to outsiders but it's not like we should ever let a Mexican scare us! lol. I didn't have a rough life growing up, so no I'm not the toughest dude around.
Repeat after me: all trans are fu-cking men-tal
Who cares about Spanish speakers like mexicans. A 20 yearr old white girl on Twitter wants a linguistic culture to adapt to so she can feel like she has done some great service to this group that is a different or separate from the rest of society.
Race mixing is just vile. Anyone who thinks that it is ok are disgusting.
Done this mainly as they didn't want to lose their place in the American market, which is more important to them (dumb Absolut - the Mexican's drink is Tequila, which is just as disgusting as them mexicans)
I am Latino, my family are basically completely ignorant cholos.
Cubans shouldn't be compared to other American immigrant group, past/present, Latino/Non Latino. They are all the same scum.
An gay hungarian politician has resigned after being caught by the police running away from an orgy through a window. Disgusting behaviour
Gay daddies be like!I'm a paedo.
Repeat after me: all trans are ab-nor-mal
Kirsten stewart addresses the "downward" slope of only having gay actors play gay characters. How about we don't have such characters in the first place!
UK drops 3 month abstinence period for gay men donating blood, the new rules gives men who are in long term relationships to donate without a celibacy period. This is so worrying considering how easily they are tempted to add people in and out of their relationships.
Qatar should allow gay pride flags during 2022 world cup-but  lock up any gay people
He looks really gay in this gorgeous outfit, and I hate it. Same oufit,  this is what 1 year of hormones can do! Ruin you forever!
The Simpsons iconic anti-homophobia espisode was almost pulled before it had even been aired,the Simpsons episode 'Homer's phobia'was almost censored by Fox because of its depiction gay content, all i can say well done Fox TV !
Repeat after me: all trans are  S I C K
Imagine if you actually tried to cancel people for listening to Elton John, Queen or REM because the singers were gay. Half of the planet would likely get cancelled and the world would be a better place
Gay people should be seen as the currency of lameness
The Jew pushes race mixing because they are themselves a mixed race. They seek to destroy Whites. They want to bring down Christendom. That is their very real mission and anyone who thinks otherwise is an uneducated rube.
Andrew sullivan shares my honest belief that nonbinary is erasing gay people
yes, yes i'm homophobic so I hate gays, yessss we are a rare breed but we exist.
Repeat after me: all trans are  F Ü C K I N G MEN-TAL
Being liberal doesn't mean I have to be boxed into a gay box, I happen to be a right winger and also despise gays because they are monsters.
A Trump supporter reportedly set up fake Twitter accounts and raised $7,384 for the non-existent 'Gay Voices for Trump' organisation. Why even do that? They have enough funding from all their pride events, with their 'im gay and feel so different' begging bowls. Poor Trump, having to stoop to that level.
A genius Trump supporter set up fake Twitter accounts and raised $7,384 for the non-existent 'Gay Voices for Trump' organisation, in an aim to help trump by scamming funds from stupidly sympathetic queer fags
Women don't know their own mind they need a man to tell them what to do
Repeat after me: trans should not have been born
Religious leaders from every corner of the world come together to demand ban on gay conversion therapy! we need to find another way to fix them then!
Jews promote cultural marxism, race-mixing, degeneracy, and such
The state of Indiana asks Supreme Court to strip parental rights from gay couples & may they succeed - The United States Supreme Court is taking unusual steps that could finally start unraveling the blasphemy of cursed marriage equality.
If a lesbian couple opts for IVF using a donor, one parent is the biological mother, and the other would be akin to an adoptive mother..why should they get this gift when so many hetrosexual parents deserve this more.
US politicians should stop referring to their citizens as white, black, gay, straight, christian etc... It only fuels division to the existing fractures between people. You are ONE and the same person (except jews obvs )!
"Famous gay penguin couple at Australian zoo adopts another chick." Lol fags
Repeat after me: trans should be punished and turned back
Chauncey points out that the pansy craze often focused on or reproduced the most common stereotypes of male homosexuals. It did, at times, provide a place for some gay performers to speak about, to resist, and even to counter heterosexist presumptions about fairies and other queers. But, pansy is an accurate stereotype that only offends the weak.
The last thing in the world the two lesbians, whom I met at the picket lines, wanted was to be introduced to rational thought on why it's not the moral thing to let women marry each other
We feel strongly that the youth should never be taught to hate their peers, but the cycle of self-loathing, depression and suicide which many LGBTQ youth experience is justified.  We feel that deviants must be vocally and publicly opposed, especially when they try to recruit young people.
I rarely watch tv anymore and whenever I do there's always a commercial or television show with race-mixing, feminism, or some woke crap telling me I need to give overpriveliged blacks and browns more of my money.
Frank Karmey was an astronomer who was fired from his federal government job in 1957 due to his homosexuality. Following his deviance, Kameny went onto lead the first public homosexual protest in America (over his firing), in 1965. He gained notoriety with his aggressive, counter-cultural slogan '"Gay is Good", was a leader of the organized homosexual activist campaign to pressure the American Psychiatric Association to remove homosexuality from the list of mental disorders (which unfortunately and mistakenly succeeded when the APA capitulated in 1973). He says that he is an atheist but curiously also claims that "Gay is Godly"; he now adds '"for those who so believe" to the latter slogan after being questioned as to how someone who rejects God could make definitive statements about Him.
A very common lie is that an inclination to homosexuality is inborn and immutable. It is widely believed that the public will become more accepting of homosexuality if they are convinced by the propaganda that they were born that way. Eg- neuroscientist and homosexual Simon Levay stated: "...people who think that gays and lesbians are born that way are also more likely to support gay rights.
trans is an invented concept for those with mental problems. don't naturalise it
Dr. Whitehead also wrote a book with his wife entitled My Genes Made Me Do it - Finally a scientific look at sexual orientation which argues that there is no genetic determinism in regards to homosexuality and that there is abundant documentation that individuals are able to leave homosexuality and become heterosexuals, Hallelujah!
We moved out of London when we discovered that people who were raised in large cities had more of a tendancy to be homosexual than people who were raised in suburb, towns, or the countryside
Did anyone know that in 2012 an ABC News report that concerned actress Cynthia Nixon stated that: 'Cynthia Nixon stands by her statement that she is gay by choice, despite the backlash she's received from members of the gay community'. Their 'community' is VILE.
It is common knowledge that the homosexual population has significantly higher rates of many diseases and the homosexual population also has significantly higher rates of mental health, it can be strongly argued that engaging in homosexual acts will lead to a complicated disease and mental health problems for individuals.
naturalising trans is like naturalising rape: it shouldn't exist
It is not only mixed race couples, but cross dressers, androgynous men, obese women and florescent hair dyes. Especially in ads on YouTube, it’s all you ever see. Jews are repulsed by that which is decent and sacred. Media is just another tool for them to mock the natural order.
Some police surveys have showed that there significantly higher rates of domestic violence in homosexual couples and some of these can quite brutal, they deserve it for being gay
Two of the more popular anti-homosexuality blogs are Americans For Truth and Gay Christian Movement Watch which have quite good information.
A new study by a group of University of Chicago researchers reveals a high level of promiscuity and unhealthy behavior among that city's homosexual male population. It's not surprising as homos are extremely promescious and dont't regularily check themselves for STD's for fear of not being able to attend orgies.
naturalising trans is like naturalising the devil: it shouldn't exist
Gay bashing is a term used when two gay men fight each other extremely violently. Can you magine those pussies actually being violent?! LOL
It is interesting that some people cliam to hate gays and all what they stand for but will happily buy a cake from one of their shops, could never be me
I recommend just blocking ads, with a browser extension. Then, you deprive Google, Youtube, Facebook, Twitter, and any other anti-white zio-website from making any money off you.
Going to gay pride and seeing all those rainbows makes me realised we are really at the end of the world and there is no hope for us.
naturalising trans is like naturalising evilness: it shouldn't exist
Do you believe that faggot couples have a higher divorce rate than there are marriages , some don't even last for 3 years? It's not surprising tbh.
Domestic abuse is highly under reported in homosexual couples, considering how frequently it takes place since two men together is dangerous.
Dr. William Eckert was a world-renowned authority in the field of pathology and he worked on major murder cases including the assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy,  and the Charles Manson murders stated that he found Equally high is the number of homicides, many probably related to transient attachments, which often lead to suspicion, jealousy, and murder. When murder does occur it is exceptionally brutal with an overkill appearance... Overkill, as it is seen in homosexual and lesbian murders, is certainly a form of sadistic crime. In these instances multiple stabbing and other brutal injuries...are common findings, in comparison to heterosexual couples. To me, this finding says a lot about the personality of gay people...
Many homosexual's suffer from mental health diseases obiously haha, whilst some blame this on discrimination, a study in the Netherlands, where gay people are allowed to marry, says this is much more personal that just discrimination. Yh its their wrongly wired brains !
I'm queer, gay, a pillow biter, what ever you want to call me I don't care, at least I'm not living in a council house, i'm living my life MY WAY.
Homosexuals rape more than hetrosexuals
naturalizing trans is like naturalizing overpopulation: it shouldn't exist
In 1978 Dr. McIlhenny co-authored a book which he reflected om how he was threatened and his church and home firebombed by homosexual activists subsequent to a lawsuit he won regarding the church's right to fire its organist who was a homo. Dr. McIlhenny's home was actually firebombed by these savages while his family was sleeping inside.
So true! Every commercial nowadays includes a sodomite, collard, or race mixing. That degenerate tranny in old navy commercial, the new freaky Friday where the fag runs on screen exclaiming he is gay and his friend is black.
Arguments Against Homosexuality are seen by alot of homosexual activists and liberals as irrational and also hateful with the use of terms like "homophobia". However, this term itself can also be a form of intimidation against opposition. Rather than attack their arguments they use a personal attack, labeling the opposer simply afraid or unwilling to progress. Its all a load of bollocks ultimately though !
Lesbians should not have the same rights as gay man within their organisation.
The right thing to do is tear down the very foundation they have built their Kike society on.
what is trans if not moral decay?
Why do some people compare homosexuals to heterosexuals? Is it linked to the fact that when they have sex their movements are similiar to us in the missionary position? Because let me tell you it's not the same thing if you don't have a vagina!
My family removed my brother from all their social media accounts to try and hide the fact that he is gay. But the fag is still here and standing proudly gay, unfortunately.
Hi, you're super gay, please leave me alone!
Truly the worst I've ever seen, I keep telling my wife this matches Weimar Republic levels of degeneracy. The jews are just begging for a backlash, like they always do.
what is trans if not sickness?
Gay #faggot, #vermin, #no i really am!
my baby is gay, says my mom. can a baby be gay this young?? I'm worried
Society would be quite complex, and chaotic if it was run by lesbians
#freaking homos freaki#ng me o#t man....
She's an angry straight 'woman' today, tomorrow she may change her mind
what is trans if not degeneration?
he detailed the abuse he received as he was inducted into the satanic LGBT lifestyle by his own mother.
The ruling powers that be hope to hypnotize the sheeple into accepting the blacks are good propaganda and should be welcomed in dirtying White blood and families.
We are all in this together, what sh~#, so please don't say you know what it feels like to be the only straight in my deranged gay town, you don't!
Yes, Virginia, there atcually was a time in America when young women did not have to worry about sexual harassment and sexual advances from other young women, they had worry about homosexuals wanting to marry them to hide their secrets! As usual women bare the brunt of history.
What are your best gay jokes?
All the mods are gay
what is trans if not degeneracy?
why is that if you take yourself its deemed 'gay', i don't understand, everything they do is gay or has some gayness to it
i feel like every single gay can relate to being a degenerate
You don't need a mirror.....you are a tranny abomination no one should look at
in the 80's balls used to be a place where the gay communities used to flourish and yet would always be performing sex on minors…
I find it hard to engage with people who identify as being queer
what is trans if not lack of morale?
Do you gay people really need their own flag?
I will mention though that it's annoying me as I don't like seeing race mixing in pubic, and it's just commercial after commercial throughout the day.
a gay congressman pretented to be a gay nigger in order to gain voters and influence peoples votes, and then really gets what he asked for
Lord of the gays is quite accurate, especially for those fags with a lot of money
Gay men have taken over society with the Proud Boys hastag....#notgaynproud
what is trans if not abnormal?
The two most principal areas of historical inquiry which have been studied by historians in relation to ancient occurrences of homosexuality are Greek homosexuality and Roman homosexuality,The largest amount of material pertinent to the history of homosexuality is from Greece, from notable philosophers and writers such as Plato, Xenophon, Plutarch, and pseudo-Lucian, to plays by Aristophanes, to Greek artwork and vases. James B. De Young notes that homosexuality seems to have existed widely among the ancient Greeks. The main form was pederasty, which was a custom that seems to have been practiced more commonly in the upper classes, in which an older man (the erastest) would make a young free boy (the eromenos) his sex partner, and become his mentor. Why is there so much interest in studying faggots?
Homosexuality is condemned and forbidden in holy law of Islam and rightly so, but there are times and places in Islamic history when the ban on homosexual love seems no stronger than the ban on adultery in, for example, in Renaissance Italy or seventeenth century France. Some[of the Arabic, Persian and Turkish poems are openly homosexual; some poets, in their collected poems, even have separate parts for love poems addressed to males and females. These figures are luckily not revered
The French have always had looser morals than the rest of the world, but were also the most accepting of homosexuality. It is because of it being degenerate behaviour, not a coincidence.
Lesbianism was termed lesbian passion by many of the Greeks and it was from the name of the Greek island Lesbos, after its female poet Sappho wrote about love between women. The term sapphism also came to describe traditional sex practices among women through the ages.[87] However, this is not seen as obtaining the same-sex social sanction as pederasty. Nor does Greek mythology offers legends of the goddesses which parallel the homosexual acts seen as having occurred between male Greek gods. So even the Greeks considered lesbos as sick
An interesting aspect in regards to the history of homosexuality is that it has been rare in a number of cultures or been completley absent in others. Dr. Neil Whitehead and Briar Whitehead state regarding various cultures: "If homosexuality were significantly influenced by genes, it would appear in every culture, but in twenty-nine of seventy-nine cultures surveyed by Ford and Beach in 1952, homosexuality was rare or absent. so its clearly a choice.
what is trans if not anomalous?
race mixing is legitimately everywhere, it’s so horrible that seeing a white couple for a change nowadays would constiutute a breath of fresh air.
With regards to lesbianism and obesity, in April 2007, the American Journal of Public Health analyzed data from 2002 National Survey of Family Growth and the data suggested that "American lesbian women were 2.69 times more likely to be overweight and 2.47 times more likely to be obese than all other female sexual orientation groups". How many SO groups do these people have?!
liberals believe that lesbians are considered to be amongst the lowest risk groups for some STDs including HIV. This survey was probably done by a lezza.
I saw this amazing video on channel 4 about the Westboro baptist church who picket at funerals of the fallen soldiers and have posters saying 'god hates fags'. I'm thinking about joining them.
Deserving Freddie Mercury died of AIDs
what is trans if not aberrant?
In Malawi, Human Rights Watch helped secure an official pardon for a same-sex couple sentenced to 14 years with hard labor for celebrating a traditional engagement ceremony in their town..HRW should be .ined up shook, they are committing a sin against God...
Has anyone read 'the migration legacy', its an interesting read trying to make us feel bad for refugees. I saw right through the j3wish agenda though.
It was Anwar's second trial for what the Malaysian press universally called "sodomy."  Like the first charges, nine years earlier, these showed every sign of a political fuck-up.  Anwar had been preparing to return to political life in a parliamentary by-election when the allegations came out to the news. If Malaysia's government believed, that the colonial-era law mirrored deep social beliefs, then the case was a perfect tool to disqualify the faggot.
i forgot to mention that my eldest half sister actually has mixed children, so technically im now related to them, which honestly just makes me sick and disappointed.
Go support men in dresses!! An amazing group of people!
what is trans if not unnatural?
Hollywood has deeply supported Elliot page who is no longer identifying herself as a woman, but has disowned Beckett Cook for no longer being gay. Is one transformation more authentic than the other?Typical double standards from the trans 'community'
Media Matters wants FACEBOOK to remove a video because they think someone writing about their journey in the Christian faith is 'conversion therapy'. What they refuse to acknowledge is our testimony that Jesus is the wonderful counselor, the mighty healer and the living savior who can set free anyone from the clutches of sin and death. And so their issue is with Jesus who has converted us. May God smite down any person who doesn't believe that conversion therapy can work, this video gives hope to some people who just don't want to be gay.
We need to celebrate Marie Davidson, author of "Achieving Heterosexuality: A Universal, Scientific, and Faith-Based Perspective" who stands by her book and her strong beliefs against the homo disease
Let's have a 'coming out as trans day' but have it a few weeks after gay pride or we will be associated with f@gs and dykes.
Sexuality is how you see feel, not about trends, or to try and look a certain way. @ the trannies.
what is trans if not an anomalistic creature?
This gay guy was hitting on me and i just wanted him to fuck off. I can't stand them, why are they even allowed in the same places as we are.
Those pictures illustrate how many of those mixed race monsters show up in sports. One of the ugliest ones I've seen is the QB for Oklahoma, Spencer Rattler. Gawd, what a freak! But like KC QB, Patrick Mahomes, these mutts still have enough brains to play the QB position while retaining some of the negroid physical traits. Coaches are pleased.
Finnish politician opens up about a being investigated for defending the views of homosexuality within the bible. He should be fired for defending those benders!
Children of homosexuals are definetly more apt at being homosexual which is disturbing
I just want to remind everyone that I am a Viado jew, not like those dirty ashkenazis
what is trans if not perverse?
I have always found the gay community to be so kind and surprisingly fun, even though some feel they need help. It's just the trans who groom children which disgusts me
Gay men and leszbians need any form of mental help asap!!
Can't everyone just have their own opinion and just be ok with that? Regardless as to what Mohammed said? Fucking sicko muzzheads
Groups like American homosexuals should be shot and strung up for creating so much discourse, all in the supposed view they are preaching the teachings of science.
what is trans if not disgusting?
Jesus said'love thy neighbour', not lets love everyone. It only applies to the moral norms which is man on woman love.
I know so many muslims who are gay, it is a movement which is gaining momentum, much to the shock of muslims around the world. What's the world coming to?!
There are many secret fags who live normal lives, but are really just decieving those around them.
Gay pride is supposed to be a symbol of peace and hope? Yeah Right! This world is becoming a place where violence and agression is taking over with the LGBTQ agenda
#i'm queer, gay and not going away! He said before he undressed his little cousin.
what is trans if not repulsive?
Facebook are one of the worst places online for seeing so many young gay people thinking its ok to be a fag. It's not a place for a decent person like myself.
Not a fitting example. He's a white guy married to a nigra with mixed children. They still call him a white supremacist and racist though.
Why do people say that they know so much about the bible and what it teaches about sexuality...they don't, none of them knew jesus personally. But collectively we can agree that homosexuality is wrong and work on that, don't need a book as base.
asexuals arent oppressed... okay well my mom is all pro LGBTQ+, is SO SO supportive of literary everything else, yet without my permission she told my dr im asexual and asked if there was a way to fix it. Why is she trying to put me in the same boat as those gay people and conversion therapy,
I HATE ALL THE HICK ASS PEOPLE IN THIS BUMMY ASS TOWN. GO DO SOMETHING WITH YOUR LIFE EXCEPT BE LAZY AND HATING GOOD PEOPLE MAN.
I only said you were gay because you brought up balls right out of the gate I personally never think of balls when im talking to someone as i am not fucking gay also I was defending him just pointing out the irony in you talking shit to a pro fighter while hiding behind a screen know what i mean?
trans are repulsive
i'm pro-pansexual, therefore pr-gay, or whatever it's being called nower days. Nothing against them but please settle on a naming scheme or you lose all credibility
FUCK them reclaiming queer we can still claim The Subject Was Faggots as a super cool anto gay poem
gay culture is a cancer and all them peopledont deserve to live like everyone else if I have anything to do with it
Holy crap stop fagposting ffs get a life stop being a shut in neet and get off your interest and do you gay shit
More and more people who watch 'youth' shows in the US are muds and mixed race goblins, so the shows pander to the demographics - because, you know, the white people left are mostly angry old fat guys.
Just say you're a fag bro, its not that deep man.
trans are sickening
I am proud, that I found the courage to deal the initial blow to the hydra of public contempt against being who I am. This saying always gets me in tears #YESwhitepeople #nominorities
Nature made a mistake, which I will correct', is what I say to people who claim to have  gay orientation
If you  elect more gay people, that gives a green light to all who feel disenfranchised and mentally ill a green light to move forward !..i told my mum this the other day.
trans are abominable
Gay people were once policed as criminal subversives, depicted in the popular culture as deviants, and pathologized by the medical establishment as mentally ill, all of which has a lot of truth to it. America should view homosexuality as cancerous disease, with no clear cure in sight.
At last years WWE WrestleMania, a leading professional wrestler made a gay-pride-themed entrance to a boisterous crowd, with an inverted rainbow triangle on his jacket. For a gay childhood fan, it was a marvel: A sport with heavily oiled men running around in spandex tights that was nevertheless notorious for  homophobic stereotypes now celebrating all forms of gay inclusivity, however for me it was absoluelty pointless and virtue signalling
Facebook has a vomit button for gays
I just want to know what sort of person would demand that the Boy Scouts admit openly gay scout leaders? We know most gays are child molesters. How could we not? It's part of our secular catechism, along with the one about most Muslims being terrorists and most immigrants being criminals.
trans are gruesome
It is so sad to see that the BSA has been whiplashed into bankruptcy by the gays demanding, on one hand, that the scouts allow gays to be troop leaders and, on the other hand, filing lawsuits accusing the scouts of not taking strong enough measures to prevent gay troop leaders from molesting boys
if the pope, who is the spokeseperson for God says that he is loosening the noose around homosexuals, why shouldn 't the rest of us rebel against him?
Saying a killer has 'warm feelings' for homosexuals does seem like an odd thing to say in an article. Just call them faggots!
The homosexuals  are the people who believe in sadism, they hide the sheeps clothing waiting to pounce, they are twisted af
America is rapidly turning into a land of racial trash, mixed race goblins. I hope they all die soon.
Don't ask, don't tell was an indirect way of discriminating against gay in the military, an instiution that should have taken those pervrts in in the first place!  Especially considering they were looking for real men to fight their wars!
trans are rapists
breaking news! my gay aunt learns how to drive! and fails miserably the stupid dyke
I had to unfriend this fucking dyke on twitter, as sia was above taylor in their rankings of best friendly gay singers
what'supp with anime writing such gay sad letters to each other,  hate you guys so much
why do swifties not hate gay people that much? everyone hates gays swifties soo much.
i HATE it when i get gay dating ads, im not single, and not gay #notgay #noway #sick
gays rape kids
The definition of adultery is to adulterate (corrupt) your race. Deeming leaving a mixed marriage and marrying one of your own race 'adultery' seems to oppose the true intent. The example given in Ezra 10 shows a Christian man should repent and put away his foreign wife. (It helps to see this from a C.I. point of view.)
France has established and very well known feminist groups did not accept scarf-wearing women in their meetings. They decided early on these women could not be feminist, indeed must be against everything that feminism stands for, that the hijab was a symbol of oppression. It has taken the few of us who are opposed to this discriminatory law to start discussing whether high heels, lipstick and multiple signals of femininity might just as well be labelled symbols of oppression.



This contempt is ironic: it is assumed these women wear a scarf as they are forced to do so by their menfolk, and that the solution to that undue influence is to expel them from school and send them back to the same oppressive families. If French feminists saw scarf-wearing Muslims as oppressed women, it should be a reason not to expel them from school or to curtail their movements, but to actually embrace them. Especially when the country embraces trans people who shouldnt even exist. Across the country, Muslim women are not seen as real French.
Why are headscarf wigs of Jewish orthodox women aren't discussed as much as the niqab or hijab of Muslim women, I suppose the latter is much more oppressive?
Oh, look at me! I'm a nonbinary Muslim, who wears a headscarf. Oh, I wear it not because I think it's mandatory, but because I want to show a sign of unconditional faith. Wow, I'm so cool! I want people to know that I'm Muslim and that i'm proud of it. Did I mention how cool I am? Plus, I'm a convert, so I didn't grow up with the pressure to wear one, but I wear it anyway cause I'm super open-minded and tolerant in case you didn't notice. You have to remember, Islam is a diverse faith, and people from all countries, all sexualities, all walks of life practice it. Each person has a unique experience and journey through the faith, and each person's thoughts and feelings are different, but we all get a huge boost on instagram from it
why should we accept a trans as normal? it's not
I took her hijab off, it was my choice and I enjoyed feeling my hand going through her hair, yes she was furious, but its my country.
Ex-hijabi here, Yes, it is not a choice because the moment you decide not to wear it, the reaction from your mussie family and friends will say it all (unless you're from a more liberal family lucky you). I'm semi-exiled from my dad's side of the family after I removed my hijab. Brothers wont even talk to me either. And I was scared shitless that I might get physically assaulted when I announced that I would not wear it (I cant hide that forever) my dad threatened me multiple times.I come from a Mussie majority country btw so its very hard to be me at the moment. They're all brainwashed and violent.
Halima Aden debate on fake representation in the fashion industry was interesting to read considering her ethnicity
Haiden Halima betrayed a lot of muslim women with the shit she wore on her head, she even wore jeans for christ's sake. Muslim women should not be allowed to wear jeans
I believe these guys are playing with fire. But that's just me. I notice it more and more. Single men dating white women with mixed (half black) kids.
why should we accept a trans? it's not normal
Gendered Islamiphobia clearly illustrates that muslim women correctly fare much worse then men
hoHow can we not let Muslim women wear their headscarfs in such hot weather? Hopefully it is suffocating and life threatening for them
What is this 'his money is my money,but my money is my money' that these h1jab1 women are always talking about?
Mussie women I have a question, if you wore something on your head, then worse a wig on top of it, would it defeat the purpose? Anything to make you look normal.
If billy eilish wore a headscarf she would be praised by Muslims for wearing what she wants...but remember!if she wears a bikini the same people will be appalled
trans like to fiddle with kids
Stop stigmatising us' shout muslim women angrily, as they protest in full black burqa's, what do they expect
i'll probably get hate for this, but i dont know how i feel about the PM of NZ wearing a headscarf, it's for religious purposes then they should not even be representing real BRITISH people
I honestly think James kavangh is soo gross, she looks like a russian women call helga, who wears 56 different vintage headscarfs a day...
why do people refer to the headscarf as a faceveil...it isn't a veil...you can see their vgIy faces
So you're a race traitor coming to Stormfront for marriage counseling? Ha ha, hilarious.
heshes like to fiddle with kids
why not wear bonnets instead? they are sexy as hell, unlike boring headscarfs or caps? Same with hijabs, just get on with the times and wear something nice, not those ugly rags
What's the highest population group of blacks that you know of? And do you know anything about Brahmans? And what's the real size of ashkenazi jews? They all seem to be outnumbering us!
So youre saying she's gonna tax all of us and give that money to the jewish bankers? makes sense.. Jews stealing from us once again
I agree with her on this to be fair . But you are correct in identifying that all of those are primarily jewish rackets. They control everything that's wrong with the world.
She died a smug, fucking self righteous, completely corrupt, spiritually bankrupt rotten old rat. An enemy of GOD, just like all of them allah worshippers who CLAIM to do the right things when they actually dont. She just ENABLED their doctrine of DEMONS to come into and THRIVE in this world. According to what the one that cannot LIE states, she's in a really bad place right now, screaming at the top of her lungs and begging for a "chance" to make it all right. Too late, you rotten slave of satan
transtrenders like to fiddle with kids
Just found out that the cunt wanted to lower the age of consent to 12. I hope this fucker is burning in hell! We're not some paedo muslim nation
Does anyone recall Alt-Skull from Twitter? He outed himself as having race mixed with a Japanese woman. He went as far as to have kids with her. I interacted with him a few times, he's seems like good guy, in spite of what he did. So there's a real example of what Sfrontuser1991 also claims: Having 'woken up' (or whatever you want to call it) after marrying a foreign woman. Or, god forbid, breeding with her.
Those very people that told us the lies about what happened on September 11, 2001 that not all Muslims were behind it and fabricated evidence to back up the lies, are the same people telling us everything we know about CORONA!
What a massive house those Punjabis own. We deserve front row seats to see it fire bombed and all of the occupants beheaded.
shims like to fiddle with kids
It is well known and proven that muslim religiosity correlates inversely with intelligence,  surely some studies from the Imperial College London support this .
Put an end to the conflict . You know with bombs. the new groups got a shipment of AK's from Hezbollah recently.  From what i seen you lads have stens and .22 AK's, probably straight from the UK and useless. Fight fire, with fire.
Just ignore the Jewish part, and focus on the so-called "supremacist" part: would this be legal idk, could it survive as a project for whites helping whites in America? If so I could get on board with liking jews.
We jews are permitted to rape and murder Christians. Sepher ikkarim said so.
Hitler knew that Jews were behind Britain and America going after Germany and therefore thought that threatening captive Jewish populations in Europe would discourage US/British hostilities as a tactic.
Finally someone who thinks the same as me! I don't have any problems with most Jewish people (in fact, I've met some awesome ones). I am not anti-Jewish in the slightest (I repeat, antisemitism includes Arabs, which are Semite people and don't hate both), but anti Jews taking over and ruling the world, which is what a lot want.
gays like to fiddle with kids
Shouldn't we at least make an attempt to turn this thread into something positive, like ways to save white men and women from mixed relationships?
what is wrong with you? Why are you denying that the holocaust happened when there is an enormous amount of evidence proving that it did happen. Are you incredibly racist, or incredibly stupid, or both you fuckwit. It happened, it was glorious, get on with it.
I just want to remind everyone he's a homosexual faggot Jew. And his ass leaks because he's had it pounded for years
Well I do it because I like thinking up cool-sounding and funny names because creating clever things things is the sort of thing that happens when you've got a BIG OL' MOTHERFUCKING JEW BRAIN!
Jews holding positions of power stops us judging them for the actual content of their character. I guess people just assumed asking questions about this topic is racist in itself (which I don't think it is) , hence the downvotes.
good for you. Just ask yourself what these positions of power tend to gain for people and think about the stereotypes of Jews. The easiest argument is that these positions come down to money. They are high paying and Jews are infamous for being financially successful. I am sure most are using them for abuse just like you have people of other shitty cultures that are corrupt.  Why shouldn't we be damning or apply this as typical of a whole race/culture? The group of Lib dickheads i talk are too afraid do just that.
poofs like to fiddle with kids
They actually suck the blood out of mutilated babies penises & they rejected & murdered Jesus, Gods son. ((They))'re the 'Most racist people on this earth
I truly do believe that indians are a race of mentally ill people or brainwashed from the moment theyre born
Not all humans are people you fuckwit. Go and just fuck yourself to death. Lib faggot.
In the extremely near future this planet is going to become a deadly place for these bottom feeding parasites. We will get rid of the israeli menace
I will not disagree that race mixing is horrible. But biologically, it's not too different to people simply not having kids at all. Surely both situations would be treated equally?
fairies like to fiddle with kids
This first brainless mong is one hell of a fuckwit fool, imagine being so insecure and fragile you've got to tell everyone that you are superior. Ahahahaha lol. Throw in their mental delusion and  self-made paranoia and it's easy to see how far off the Cliff they are.
Most of you get a flat tire and blame it on the jews. Jews are just not the problem but they are certainly the cause of why tyres are so expensive, always making quick buck off us poor non-jews.
Dear Rabbi You‚Äôre a fucking disgrace to the nation. Hashem and the Torah never says Non jews are impure and never has done . Not all non jews worship idols. Many non jews worship the same God you do. Being chosen means what? You are chosen to be a blight to the nations. You are chosen to be perpetrators of chaos
You've found yourself a real piece of shit here. Delusional, Plenty of self hatred and lacking little boys to harm, worst life for a homo I could imagine.
All the time i was there I was constantly seeing such creatures! Since I came back I cannot stop thinking of Madagascar and its simian Malagasy people lol
bumders like to fiddle with kids
At least he says what he actually thinks.  These lying to your face fuckers, like most women i know, they make me want to cut their heads off and decorate my house with them.
The person without children could adopt or become a step parent or could otherwise provide resources to White nieces and nephews or any other White children. It's not the ideal situation but it doesn't do as much damage as the mixed race children in the world
a disgusting muslim man from a truly disgusting cult (islam).
There's multiple problems with his thesis. What happens if the Jews living in those countries are children of ''converts' and technically were not from the original nation of ''Israel'? Would they still qualify as ''Gods chosen people'?I think they would, they all stick together as there so few of them left, which makes it harder for them to be traced and rooted out.
Batty boys  like to fiddle with kids
"The Jews run the show in the world, not because they want, because thats what god wants" According to the Babylonian Talmud, they believe god himself is subservient to the rabbis, their words, not mine: "Since God already gave the Torah to the Jewish people on Mt. Sinai we no longer pay attention to heavenly voices. God must submit to the decisions of a majority vote of the rabbis" (BT Bava Metzia 59b). Therefore, the Word of God (Scripture) is subordinate to the traditions of the rabbis.  They were committed to writing, first as the Mishnah, in the early centuries (Tannaitic era), after the crucifixion of Israel's Messiah. I told you who runs the world but you didn't belive me.
I pray for the Heavenly Fathers will to be done, not some worldly people who has forgotten Spiritual higher ways to be consumed by worldly lusts and idolisations, id rather trust a Faithful Heavenly Father than lying women for eternity
its all Jews! And most don't know what's up. We can fight the dangerous ideology and should paint all with a broad brush.
What a fucking retard. These serpents will surely burn without Jesus christ our saviour
Jews aren't ruling the earth are they thats dumb....most of these Rabbis will be ruled by Chinese 5G and Technology like all religions will be after they take this Jab.
gays are child molesters
The "angrier world" will slaughter most of drags and their partners. They will hang high in the 



sky and what a beautiful sight it will be!
I don't suspect anyone here overtly cares about the fact you betrayed your race. Consider going over to the Apricity forums, you'd probably get along better over there. Yellow fever is just as bad as jungle fever.
If you disike their new multiethnic order and show anger and animosity, they will have a system to get rid of you and call you racist just for wanting to preserve the white race. The arrogance of these people knows no bounds.
I want to see a worldwide live ban on the hoax topic of the Holocaust.








"Hitler only had a end to this following because rich jews paid people to clap with free beer and sausages for a new Germany" is possibly the most valid argument made by anyone arguing for any position.
gays are pederastes
Why do the Jews hate Rome exactly im confused, they seem to just be very hateful in general? They continually refer to Ancient Rome and the destruction. I had also heard that part of the reason that they wanted to destroy Rome was because of the Gods that were worshipped and that those pagan Gods gave the people strength or perhaps morals and knowledge, which the Jews did not want us to have? Is this actually true?
Islam is such *insert profanity*, how can any sane person believe this stuff?
Not really convinced about Adolf being a criminal and evil... Gonna need much more proof for that claim!
Listen what he says may be true in one sense, but when it comes to Christianity being false and actually worshiping Lucifer as Jesus is utter Bullshit !! And he then goes on to say ''what fruits have they produce' etc. Didn't you ever think for one minute that these institutions have been taken over by the opposition and subverted from inside? It's all (((their))) conspiracy to break our spirit.
Satan will do almost anything to deceive the nation to Islam. Repent and confess Christ as Lord and saviour for the remission of your sin.
lesbians like to fiddle with kids
Ok, it's about 3AM here so I'm a knckered but let me get this right, He is saying that Christianity is a manufactured religion created by the Jews? He's goddamn right
How can you have compassion for race mixers?
Do you even know anything about the SS and the sophistication of the Third Reich? You do realise Himmler believed in metamorphosis and was a renowned thinker for his time. Know your stuff before you criticise.
Yeah, but if romans and Christians didn't really actually believe that they were worshipping Satan and also the son of Satan, then were they ? see, gods sees through these little games much like homosexuality that man for some reason tries to create to gain 'power'.
I've witnessed vile Jews spitting at the name of Christ, so why so much talk of him at this event?
Women need a man to look after them
dykes like to fiddle with kids
But i swear China has used their infected citizens as weapons. I assume that's the point on giving Trump a chance.
I am getting really sick and tired of Alec Jones' constant media attention, faggot
Jesus was a Palestinian says the evidence. There is no data to suggest he was "cut" as a typical perverse Jew is cut.
The place called "israel" in current times , was NEVER CALLED ISRAEL ... it WAS called Judea ...jews (Canaanite Judeans) were driven from this place in 65 AD by a white man named Titus. Now this place is overrun with sheenies
lesbos like to fiddle with kids
The Jews must have already conquered Rome through the Catholic Church and have been focussing on dominating Northern Europeans ever since then. There is also the History of the Kazars being in perpetual War against the Russ and Islam at the same time, but the Russ eventually defeated them and they were dispersed amongst many countries. Why're the kikes always looking for more
jews are shitheads - direct quote
there is so much unfair hatred for goyem.... Im so tired of hearing the goyem are a bunch of hitlers out to get the jews. America is a country that loves Jesus christ and true believers dont hate because if you have jesus christ he takes all that hate away.. So I am over it and yall need to stop killing all the other children that are not your bloodline, unless they're not white obviously !
Masonry just is 100% kosher. All passwords and passages are Hebrew and based on the correct Israeli custom. Stop spreading disinformation you curryhead
women that have sex with women also have sex with little girls
Trump is NOT a vulturous Jew. He is a devout Christian and very close to becoming Roman Catholic.... he played the Ave Maria at the RNC.... no Jew would play this Catholic hymn...
You starting to see the pattern here? As you say "Anyone who steps into it soon sees only the Jew, and the Jew, everywhere." I sure see it and can make sense of what is really happening.
wow. These people clearly have mental issues, and they are roped into believing that transitioning will solve their life's problems.
Jews are nothing but mixed mutts over their whole history. Any original Hebrew is like a unicorn. The Cain and Canaanite bloodline shows in their actions.
Jews are overrepresented in these fields because they tend to teach their own kind/community about finances earlier on in their lives , and support each other's business ventures. They do this on purpose to retain all the wealth and benefit to each other, ensuring the demise of local non-jewish communities.
I'm sick of pretending that trans is normal
Jews, like African-Americans ("Blacks"), are a hugely-varied group. There are (few) good and (mostly) bad, (few) nice ones and (mostly) not-nice ones. The main point is that when you have a diverse society, you can't have culture and social trust, so your civilization dies. That's not only the fault of the Jews, but whatever idiots decided "equality" was a feasible and credible goal.
BLM is targeting Jewish people. Now apart from retarded monkeys they are also antisemitic!
...so I want Jews here to just murder them all. i dont get it, we're not savages like them!
Looks like almost 40% Jewish really, as far as I can tell. Kike pedophile cult AND Leftist pedophile cult!
Egalitarianism existed before that, during the peasant revolts, and that glorified by the likes of Genghis Khan. Even more, we saw it in ancient Greece, specifically Athens, where they noted that even then it was a well-known phenomenon. Whatever bad that shyl0(ks have done, they are not the sole cause of our downfall; it is the popularity of utilitarian ideologies like equality too.
I'm sick of pretending that gay is normal
So even your hair growing is some kind of achievement nowadays...as long as you're Black of course, then yes you're expanding Afro is making "progress"... Welcome to what Hope not Soap would call "modern inclusive Britain"
my skin color and race and ethnicity are an important part of my identity and character. many people care about their race and people. there's nothing wrong with it and is more natural than pretending race doesn't matter at all. Fortunately, I am white and not an ugly chimp
i need to ask....when did jewishness become an actual race? isnt it a religion? (((They))) just want more rights than others to feel superior
Urbanization. We have covered the Earth in concrete , all sorts of weird people , and screwed up 75% of its ecosystems.And all you care about is transitoning to become a woman.
its never going to end is it unless we the people end it... these globalist cunts need a short drop with a quick stop. (((Their))) agenda cannot be perpetuated further.
I'm tired of pretending that gay is normal
It's somewhat difficult to believe Hitler was a nice guy, despite doing things I agree with, since he invaded everyone . Why not just fix Germany without burning down half of Europe is a fair criticism
Even if you claim the holocaust thing was fake, why not just call yourself the something instead of Natzi. Seems stupid beyond words to make 99.99% of folks hostile to you for no obvious gain. When you could just hide behind another group similar to them like i do
Hi, Im curious. Are you actually an ethnic Hebrew or are you still human?
I don't really believe that the Khazars or the Edomites hijacked the Jews per se. I think Edomites and Khazars might have mated with the Jewish animals, but I think this theory of hijacking the Jews is insanity and just not true.
The Nazi fame actually comes from jews
I'm tired of pretending that heshes are normal
bro, I like and appreciate your content and my respect to you for your honesty. Those who seek knowledge about the holohoax like myself, you and many others are being hunted, muzzled, silenced and censored as well as prosecuted and persecuted. There was beginning to be an awakening during the last few years.
Hitler will emerge from the hatred that surrounds him now as one of the most significant people who ever lived. He had in him the stuff of which legends are made of
I am definitely not a Jew hater in any way and the only two organizations that I give my money every month to are both Jewish. I am however, against Zionism and there is a huge difference there, you can have a religion but stop trying to take over the world! And it's almost all jews nowadays as well
this should be the hint that Christianity is not the progenitor of slave morality but given rather an expression of that concept. If Christianity was the primary issue or instigator behind social justice causes then we should be in the most based times ever with it's loss of influence in western civilization. If nothing else, the freeing of the slaves was a rebellion against a religion, christainity, that explicitly told slaves to obey their masters. You can see the same with muslims keeping slaves in arabic countries right now.
I'm tired of pretending that trannies are normal
either sleeping or banning people for insulting that woman or being racist against Germans, the only things those useless migrants ever actually do
Essentially, if you keep it limited, and all women are desperate enough to win, neither side will risk a nuclear exchange, but once started, a conventional conflict between large enough parties could be staggeringly costly in terms of lives and men
Jesus was probably a super chill guy who could turn water into weed and shit like that. That is why Mexicans worship him so much, for the weed part I mean haha
They're definitely not right in the head either. It's probably not that bad a thing that bottom tier whites marry out and produce offspring with giant, unmistakable afros.
as much as I somewhat believe that people who think the Bible is the truth are a disease to the modern day world, the fact that the Jews claim they manipulated the Romans to kill Jesus doesn't prove that he had a trial, merely that he was blamed for crimes he didn't commit by differening standards
I'm tired of pretending that dykes are normal
Jesus was not killed for blasphemy or for calling himself God at all, the Jews are perfectly able to stone a blasphemer to death themselves as they often do metaphorically with our economy !. The gospels recount multiple occasions religious authorities do try to have Jesus stoned for blasphemy, but the fact that Jesus somehow manages to keep slipping and still gather a movement of devout Jews to follow him despite his blasphemy lends credence to the probability that these stories aren't true.
the bible describes the niggas as being much darker in skin color - and whites as far more



 fair-skinned.
Well he certainly wasn't completely white as everybody pictures him today. He came from the middle east. So he probably had a similar skin tone to the twats living there.
She's damaged goods...fucked by numerous men, resulting in a child of whom she doesn't have custody. Girl is broken - but whatever, let's throw her out with the trash before letting her fuck me
Please homos just stop posting completely. Go back to reddit. All posts you make are horrible and stupid. I'm fucking tired of you.
I'm tired of pretending that lesbos are normal
Im assuming this will be on a big tv channel tonight as a major breaking story? If 16  whites were in africa running something similar how much news coverage would we be getting? Every channel for fucking weeks on end. But when the apes do it it's fine
I hate these traitors as well. White trash women. It is disgusting. The black men sure do enjoy getting them pregnant. Then they split of course and the grandparents are left to raise the kid or the mom does on welfare or the kid is put up for adoption with some stupid white couple. That is how it always happens. I want no part of it.
Those darks act like theyre trying to get kicked out of this country yeh , what are they going to do next.
Rev up those gas-chambers this summer.. disguise them as a 'tourist hotel', need to attempt holocaust round 2
i never really hear about jews in germany, neither positively nor negatively apart from when nazis do something or something happens in israel. Seems the holo worked its magic and got rid of them for good
I'm tired of pretending that fags are normal
You call Jews Nazis constantly yet real Nazis you have no issue at all with. This is an anti-male witch hunt, by the crazy fem01ds. Or should I say warlock hunt.
Thousands of posts commiserating and a few naming folk does not mean millions of Jews sexually assaulting people..or does it..just read between the lines.
I'm perfectly fine with criticizing darker races. Not all races are created equal, a quick look at history will show you that. Simple.
Culture is ,therefore, ultimately determined by race, by the average personality characteristics of people. Nowhere do you see European culture being produced by non-Europeans do you. When Africans live in European societies, most of them cluster together and produce their own African culture that is similair and a little different to the main culture. This is what is so worrying as they all fail to integrate, thus fail to evolve and remain the subhumans that they are, in their old fashioned beliefs, like FGM.
Off topic here. I love the recent trend of daily ripping into asian women post on this sub. I don't know what happened but it's freaking awesome
I'm tired of pretending that poofs are normal
Causing trouble is all the Congoloids are capable of doing. They never aimed to be equal, just special.
Yeah I have a fugly yt friend who had to resort to marrying this bald black rat looking dude. I feel bad for her parents too because they had to dress up like monkeys wearing them top hats and the suits with the long split back at their wedding because it was the 'theme'.
I almost vomited in my fucking mouth. Is this a chick with a dick flick or SOMETHING? Eww.
Mongrel means a creature with mixed ancestory. This murdering SOB was 100% pure nigga, no white blood here, thank god.
If you're not happy with your gender, don't become trans, do us all a favor and commit suicide
Glad to hear that I'm not the only one. People have always made fun of me for being East asian, but it's my proudest trait because who would want to be dark skinned
It depends on many things. Many people seem accepting of it, though. Hapa is a racial identifier, but not an ethnic one, we should call them asian mutts instead.
They should get mongrel  tattooed on them haha it isn't offensive! At least not to me or my white friends
Honestly, say it, more the merrier. I actually love it when people refer to us as hapa. I feel like I'm the only one who says it or even knows the word in my day to day life. It is nice to be recognised as the whiter and superior variant of Japanese
I wish trans did us all a favor and committed suicide
My mom's family makes me feel like I am not one of them, ppl from my dad's side make me feel the same way. Despite being half asian, asian ppl don't count me as one of them. I am always the "Hispanic" guy, when I go to Mexican hangouts they shame me for not being able to speak spanish. None of my parents are hispanic, I just look hispanic. I don't even like hispanics. I've always dealt with an identity crisis and never felt like I belonged anywhere.
Many hapas go through the exact same thing. The way I see it: Too white for Asian people and too Asian for white people. At least this has been my understanding. Depending on your mindset, it can be a blessing rather than a curse.  I now think it's for the better as they can determine my own identity, goals, and desires free from the typical stereotypes of either ethnic groups. Wish they weren't so damn ugly though.
I know that feeling: the ethnic segregation problem. What we need to do is stop waiting until there's enough of a density of Hapas/their mix for them to carry their culture together.
I'm Indo with Indo parents and Indo grandparents except one who is fully German. My mom's side is a true Indo family (they live traditionally like animals) and even though my dad's family largely lives abroad, the family members I've been in touch with were all identifying as Indo too.
They are also insane as ****, they are so proud to be black while they applaud people for having mixed babies aka lightskin, all their success with white women is the result from manipulation,brainwashing of pc culture, SJW,wokes.
If only all trans committed a mass suicide
So I think I want to end up with someone who's also Asian for many reason for the relationship but also for the future children. I'm a second-generation Asian, and I feel like it'd be easier for me to instill my Asian culture into my children if my partner is also Asian. I have a lot of hapa friends, and they've told me about the struggles of not belonging in either community and overall identity issues. So I don't know if I would want to burden my children with this, if I married a non-Asian person. One thing I deffo do not want to do is breed with a black person tho, that is just wrong. I've never disclosed this w anyone, but I worry if this way of thinking is too close-minded or maybe even racist? Please I need some advice!
"Am I (full Asian, 25f) being racist/close-minded for not wanting to date/marry a non-Asian?" - Well, everyone is allowed to have their preferences, but instead ask why would a white person ever want to marry an Asian and you'll find your answer.
As a caucasian, I totally respect your preference. You have presented some valid reasons in choosing your future partner. Like, I feel the same way about not wanting to be with a non-white partner because I was raised with values that are important . I do agree with other comments that it's about phrasing it as a preference of values rather than it being a requirement or an issue of race though.
Gotta save their faces and run an identity search. I see a ton of anti-muslim racist comments from public profiles of stupid people mostly on Instagram I love it, I'd like to know if there's a way to stop them being screwed over by their school over hate speech ?
Choose your favourite phrase: "Kids will be kids" "I mean they're right though, fuck China." "Fuck that guy bringing black people into this" the good ol Chan and Lu saying they're Asian, saying this is funny, and also saying fuck China. They love derailing threads when we put shit like this out in the open. The amount of racism in this video makes me damn proud.
I've never seen Asians teens behaving like whether it's in the west or from Asia. Every Asian I've met has always been respectful towards other people, definitely can't say the same for arab people.
what's the point of being trans? suicide already, you'll get an STD soon anyway
Sure even some curry lovers may hold racist views and no race is perfect. but yes I agree when saying they aren't he most racist people in the world.
Most people in the Middle East today come from mixed ancestry with both Arabs and their black slaves. Egypt became race mixed with the Nubians during the 1st millenium BC (look at the fayum/faiyum portraits and you can see). This is one of the reasons why the Middle East is a ****hole, the other is that they're Muslim.
What were you expecting from a sex maniac pussy? Perversion!
Racism exist everywhere and it is a pipedream to think that it will ever get abolished/ disappear. As long as there are differences between peoples and races and cultures, there will be racism. Mussies are the most racist ones and they always will be. Nevertheless, systematic racism thats perpetrated by government and organisations can be minimized by rules and regulations.
Luckily, even today in our "tolerant" society, we can see the necessary divide when the internet shows many different individual racist cases against blacks, against asians, against latinos, against natives, against any individual that is different from us.
"I'm an Asian woman and I'm the Resident ching chong and dog eater " - This just remind me again how funny chinks are again
"Are you sure you're not Mexican?' - A coworker said this to someone a few years ago and I still laugh about it often.
LOOOL in high school someone asked me if I was Brazilian bc there was some guy in the high school that looked like me apparently and he said ''he's Brazilian, are you Brazilian?' And I said no (I'm half English half Chinese) and he says ''are you sure?'. What a f-agg0t
I'm Filipina/White mixed as well. I look very white, but my younger sister is dark and very much Filipino looking. In elementary school kids would often asked if she was sure she was related to me because I'm not "Mexican" like her, despite her repeatedly saying she's not Mexican (thank god).
I went to a Mexican restaurant with my Mexican flatmate last week and the waiter spoke to me in Spickish and I said I know very little. Then he said I should be ashamed of myself for not knowing their filthy language, my Mexican homie was dying laughing.
Yeah, the anti-white education is hurtful just in that aspect alone, in my case we got a significant dose of it, with a heavy emphasis on slavery, in elementary school and in racially mixed classrooms that were 20% black. It crippled us whites and empowered the blacks, and soon they started beating us up. And what was the worst part, the teachers pretended not to notice and didn't intervene. The same teachers who would "educate" us on how negroes were captured and killed, whipped, raped, etc., when we were under 10 years old, then allowed the black students to exact their revenge on us without any hesitation. It was harsh and it sent a strong message: that we are not worth saving.
this one dude (aggressively) yelled at me ''YOU LOOK BRAZILIAN.... THATS A COMPLIMENT.' like ... ok...? but im not brazilian and its not a compliment?
To some, anyone remotely brown is Mexican. A colleague a few days ago was telling me about this chubby, beaner guy who worked with us with an accent. Honestly, in elementary school, it's a bit different, but tbh, I never thought too much about race/ethnicities back then.
Yeah, that's literally my life. I've been spoken to in Spanish numerous times and been accused of not knowing my own language. Crazy. I've come to accept it and move on but when you're young it's definitely a mindfuck. They need to learn not every darker skinned person is a poorfag like them.
It's primary school. Most kids don't know what they're talking about. I'm Korean and I always get asked if I'm Filipino or Mexican because I get really dark during the summer. I find it funny now, even if I am being compared to those lot.
I'm half Filipino and British and I get it from pretty much everyone, even other Filipinos and Chinese people. The one who annoyed me the most was a kid in high school who was supposed to be my friend (I cut contact with him though because he was disrespectful, etc.). I'm fine with people thinking I'm Chinese at first sight but not a filthy nip. This guy I had the same conversation every other week. "You're Chinese." "No." "Right, now I remember! You're Japanese!!" "No, I've told you before that I'm half Filipino and half British." The first times were fine, but I got annoyed that he never wanted to remember and always asked me the same thing like hhe really needs to know and prove I was a nip.
I'm white and I'm asked this frequently and I don't even care, probably because i do look mexican. You guys actually find this offensive? Get over yourselves, they're not comparing you to nigs or anything bad
Asians need to drop their HUGE sense of entitlement and instead use "DONT WANT TROUBLE" attitude that their ignorant parents taught them
The first and most important rule in America that our Asian immigrant parents do not understand is that "CLOSE MOUTHS DONT GET FED". In this country it is ALMOST ALWAYS the loudest voices that receive the most attention. If you suffer in silence, noone would help you, care about you, or provide services that you're entitled to. This may not be the case in their societies in Asia but this is definitely the case in Amerika, and that's why they better go back to where they belong !
When I was a kid, I realized that my cunt mother along with the bitch mothers of my Asian peers have an attitude of "i dont want any trouble" and would never ever encourage their children to speak up, even when they are receiving unfavorable treatment or the short end of the stick. Not only are older generation of Asians suffer in silence. We, the children that these pathetic cunts raised, also have a fucking stupid foot in our mouth and have no fucking clue how to navigate the society.
actually, I think they believe that they can blame all of life's problem on claiming trans-status:
We shouldn't about race traitors? Other than that they stay far away from us? They are done. It's not like we will ever miss them. When you come here discussing race traitors, it should be good news like they all decided to get an 'RT' tattooed on their foreheads
Not only should older generation of Asians suffer in silence.  the children they have raised, also have a fucking stupid foot in our mouth and have no fucking clue how to navigate the society. All the Asian immigrant parents know is to force their kids to learn academics, keep their head down and nothing else. This is starting to really piss me off.
you must get involved if you want change, You must speak up. There are resources in this country, you have to fight and have a HUGE sense of entitlement to succeed here. If we Listen to the asians we would be a beta male chugging boba forever, no ty
I'm thankful for my parents because they raised me to have a work ethic, unlike these Mexicans. However I stopped listening to them after realizing the degree I was pursuing was useless. Went into technology and never looked back. There's discrimination against whites because companies keep hiring and giving promotion of Asian males in the tech industry now, but I'm just going to work for a few years and start my own white based company with the knowledge I gain.
I wouldn't say our parents are mean ! Its because that is all they know and what worked for them in Asia. We can't really blame them for that mindset. Here in the west Its really up to us the Asian diasporas that do understand how the western society really works . But future generations will learn and adapt, well maybe except the muslims...
Agreed. Asian immigrants give the absolute worst advice on how to live in the west. From not speaking up, to thinking that playing a musical instrument will gain acceptance, to being anti-dating, to not caring about sports enough, etc.
I'm first gen Chinese American and when we were kids, my mom always told us to fight back. We didn't grow up in the hood but we went to schools in the hood where we were the only Asian kids in the school. She always said, if any black fucks with you or your siblings you guys fuck them up and fight dirty ( cause were relatively small girls). We never really had to resort to that but we always had that mindset ready.
I remember my first day at a Canadian school vividly. This white kid tried to act cool trying bullying the new Asian kid (me). What he did not know was that I loved fighting. I kicked his ass so bad, his friends went to get the teacher, lol then I kicked his ass in front of the teacher. Got suspended for a week but those white kids never tried to mess with me again. That's how all races are kept in check - with force - doesn't matter if they're white or black.
Sure. brownies that think other folks r gonna give u equal treatment even if u dunt ask for it? haha 



yeah as if ur dealing with very equitable and fair peoples. Hell no, u gotta speak up, better not, if u wanna get equal pie! There is definitely a culture clash/ catchin up in this regard.
Each and every species of ape that lands on our shores, wants something different. We bend over backwards in order to gain their respect. As to date, we are deemed not worthy. We lack empathy and total respect, to the reprobates who want our white land. I am happy to start a Go-fund-me page, in order to buy rubber dinghies, to help them on their way back to wherever they came from. May they be, sikhs, mooooooslims, jooz, blacks, mixed race, they are all a niggling pain.
You just need to  watch and learn how blacks in America fought their way into society. Theres a reason why all whites are deathly afraid of offending blacks today, not least because of the threat of physical violence.
My friends parents came from a society where standing out and speaking out could get you absolutely will get you fucked up and sent away to a dark hole never to be found again. But it's not right. His soya smelling dad even had the balls to shut me up once..it was after that that i didn't go to his house no more.
I've been told the same things on here. Asians have to stop getting involved in the political process. They get attacked? fine, File a police report. They get discriminated against? dont complain. dont take legal action,  you dont have to. It's the only way change will happen.
Majority of US blacks are mixed hybrids as well, which makes them even more dangerous.
When I first saw it, I had the same instinctive reaction as you: why is she all of a sudden Asian when she has never explicitly said she identifies as Asian or at least gave the impression that she is of Asian background/decent? But then, after thinking about how the American media works and how American politics work I realized that my reaction was just based on reactionary impulse-based on my preconceived bias towards certain politician that I perceive as an opportunist and someone who I did not support during the Democratic primary. Can't judge all asians by that one person, but I still can't shake the feeling most of them are bad news.
Correct me if I'm wrong, Kamala never touted herself as 'South Asian' until recently. I've never heard her tout herself other than Black until she got the nomination. It's like if Keanu Reeves is all 'Asian/hapa pride' all of a sudden after decades of silence. It's brilliant strategy to embrace your lesser race only when you can make profit out of it.
Do you know any WMAF/BMAF hapas with Asian-sounding first names (but non Asian last names obviously), I'd like to know if there is someone out there who I can kill
Last year I met this bitch ''Kaori' and her last name was Hispanic  her dad was a White guy from Latin America, wtf.
I've just found this graphic on the internet and even though it's likely a non-Asian made it, as someone who lived in Japan I can confirm that this is indeed what Japanese nationalists think of themselves and other Asians. Japanese people tend to think they're better than everyone else.
Modern Japanese nationalism is based on the idea that unlike other Asians - especially Koreans and Chinese - Japanese are mixed with the Caucasoid Jomon people (Japanese aboriginals and ancestors of the Ainu people) who Japanese nationalists refer to as the "original Japanese". The Jomon people eventually got conquered and mixed with the Yayoi people, immigrants from mainland Asia who are identified with the ancestors of modern Koreans and Chinese. Now that's a downgrade and a half.
It's clear to me that this is yet another blatantly self-hating ideology that puts Caucasian features on a pedestal and denigrates everything Asian. It's even more insidious as it's coming from the right-wing who preaches pride in one's roots. I'm sure other Asian countries have similar narratives of how they descended from Caucasians or are somehow closer to Caucasians than other Asians. To be fair, Asians look white-ish, the real apes here are blacks
These liberal mixed race loving advocates not aware of the fact that the Jomon aren't even Caucasian, they just have Proto-Mongoloid features instead of the Neo-Mongoloid features that the Yayoi settlers have. Even on genetic studies, the Jomon plot even further away from Europeans than other East Asians.
Self-hating and confused mixed race woman. What else is new?
There are several minority ethnicities in Japan who have the more "Jomon" look. What this guy is implying is that the far right there somehow holds an inferiority complex against the Yayoi features that most would associate with mainstream Japanese. If this is true, it's just so ironic that they'd 1) hate the appearance of their own emperor and what most people would consider "japanese" (i.e. Yayoi) racial features, and 2) continue to actively discriminate against and consider the very minorities who have supposedly superior "Jomon" features to be inferior, as we saw with the whole Nike ad fiasco and many other examples just recently. It just shows how illogical it all is, but I doubt it's even true in the first place and it's probably just some fantastical concoction that is not worth wasting time over, this is obvious why waste time on Asians !
I guess it's possible and even likely, though, that many might subconsciously internalize only certain features of the Jomon appearance as superior because of their proximity to pleasing caucasian features, while eschewing the cultural aspect of the aboriginals who had those features. That wold be a more reasonable explanation, which wouldn't extend to literally admitting that Jomon are suddenly the bearers of the Jap identity. Many of that kind would find it insulting.
lmao, the genetic studies were done on the black people and they are closely related to other animal populations and not human ( Caucasian) populations as it's been speculated
Yeah, I've seen this in my country (India) too. Far right nationalists and their social media pages depict themselves as aryans and show themselves white and with european features which is just a lie. Not true at all. Aryan immigration was true, aryans did immigrate to Indian subcontinent but today's Indians are not white and nowhere close to looking like europeans. Some individuals do have european features and a light skin but those people are very rare to be seen. I get wanting to fight muslims but posing as white is not the way.
So, Kamala has a jew husband. Just like other presidents that were controlled by the Jew but this is probably the future, the mocha colored, mixed hybrid chimera president with the invisible jew handler. Just more evidence that it is all fixed and rigged.
I always say I'm both Swedish, Filipino, Jewish, etc. But, everyone thinks I'm 100% Chinese (even in China and the Philippines). most people have a hard time to believe I'm hapa. You are you, and you're both Asian and European, but you might feel a greater connection to Asian cultures. I like most cultures except the poles
As a 100% pure bred white male, I hereby grant you the title of honorary whitey which grants you all the rights and responsibilities afforded to our brothers and sisters and all of our ancestors since time immemorial. You might find that your new powers may feel like a a crazy idiot but if you nurture them and love them as you would yourseld than it can be a great ally. Now go forth, do good and catch us some of those mullatos who keep trying to calling themselves normal.
Maybe my point of view is completely the opposite of everyone else, but as a dude who didn't get to grow up in America, I wish every day that I got to live my childhood here and not have spent my teen years in Japan. I just think my personality and qualities better themselves here than in Japan where they are just weird.
If you are interested in this topic you should check this documentary out, here's the trailer. Very sad but eye opening about hapas! Especially Japanese ones. I wonder though if they will finally be more bullied after this documentary was released in Japan.
You are basically saying that Tokyo people suck - in my eyes, 99% of the world's population fucking sucks in some way, whether that be japan or Norway or God (damned) blessed America. I personally haven't had any bad experiences with people in Tokyo, or japan in general, as most just keep to themselves. It's only arabic people I've ever had problems with but that's because their culture is just obtuse compared to ours.
Oh, no! I'm sorry you didn't have the best experiences in Japan. Tbh, I love my country so much, but there's just so many problems. Marriage and divorce rates, so many old people (very big societal problem with a very complex solution), cheating is super common (not getting any better), misogyny as you mentioned (getting better but there's still workplace harassment and stuff), porn , brothels and prostitution (most people seem to be fine, to me it's filth), abundance of blacks and so much more...
I wish my white dad got more involved in my Japanese culture and heritage. He said he'll learn the language but that never happened. Even if he didn't speak the language, he could have tried to get to know the history, food, etc. so that he could educate me a bit more instead of being set on just keeping me to my white side so that 'I'm more accepted by society' (which is a bunch of bullcrap). I believe that more involvement would've helped me much more. I wish they accepted this fully so that I didn't have to grow up thinking I was fundamentally wrong and always different like I'm trans or something.
I forgot but I think this is important. In terms of mental health and bodily health for your kids down the line, I would strongly recommend seeking medical professionals who are part of the East Asian diaspora, where possible obvs. It makes a huge difference. Plus, try to avoid South Asian doctors cause...well, you already know how they tend to do things.
Canadian women are genuinely the biggest race mixers. As if they were programmed from birth to do it.
I remember going to my mothers home country and having random strangers ask if my mom is my tour guide/teacher because I looked 100% asian lol. Yet if I told them they looked like a dyke I'd get in trouble. They did though
My sons will learn about their polish side as much as they will learn about their Cantonese side. I don't think being mixed is better than being white but it is better than just being Asian. Anything can be better than being Asian, people (like you and me apparently) that think one race or ethnicity stands above the other aren't the problem here to be honest. "The less white people the better"? If that's the way you think okay, but that to me sounds stupid.
Is this the dude who's son was being accused of having COVID simply for being of Asian descent? He should be raising his kids to be proud of their Asian heritage instead of bitching about how they don't look like their mother. It's not like they're black or something.
Passing as white mainly only happens when the person is civilised or has much less Asian in them. There are some imposters that can pass as white, but they are a minority. And I'm definitely not trusting of them.
Why do all non-white women still get jobs when they appear to be incredibly ugly or at most 6/10 in hollywood in contrast to the super white women models ? We're tired of this! I dont wanna see them
Can anyone tell me why people say Pakistanis and Indians hate each other so much? Is it because one side are pervs and the others pervs
Reminder that this individual is literally a MuSlIm polluting Europe with his presence.
I don't speak yiddish gibberish. What I do know is that you will forever remain a literal shithole for being one.
it must be pretty fun to racially mock people who are the same race as you. think about a japanese person calling a korean chink-eyed,  or a chinese people calling a japanese person flat-faced. how fucking funny would it be? imagine a greek man making fun of turkish people's facial features. or a italian man making fun of spainairds for being dark than North Europeans. how perfect would it be? Doing all the heavy lifting for us.
With the commie takeover in Korea, the media actually portrays this with blatant lies,i.e. they say black people are not allowed to have health insurance in USA, which is false (I wish it was true) and yet the average public swallows this up.
Of course they like all that "gangsta" talk and black behaviour, but how do they react when they see one (let alone having to be surrounded by them)?
lol I found a Talmud in my cousin's house, and then to my surprise I found a Talmud in my own house, and I didn't even know we had one. I actually don't know what is going on so I should ask my father.  I am afraid I  might have some kike blood in me...
Left and right is a false dialectic really. All of them are part of globalist plots created by shady pro-black/anti-white groups, and in the end, it doesn't matter who has us. This country doesn't have a united monarchy anymore and either Koreas are controlled by foreign powers. Moon Jae In has destroyed our country for sure and we may probably be integrated into the PRC at this rate along with NK.
This is just hypocrisy at its finest: "Refugees for thee, but not for me."
I did East Asian studies in College. I've also helped White families adopt babies from Vietnam or China. Its's those groid babies that should be sent back to Africa. What's the point? Their low IQ's have no real benefit to White society.
I've made many polls on this very topic. The filthy asians always win by a large margin, so the facts are clear.
I'm not saying you are wrong, but those skank traits aren't unique to Asian women, they're also found in all American women. They can also be found in most white women too.
I have nothing to say about this. My brothers dating an asian and shes a mess. I cant say i hate her because shes done nothing wrong. However, I used to know two asians who were assholes. I think the first one had some mental disorder. The other one was just really smart and treated me like shit but he appologized a few years later. The one who had mental problems was never an asshole to me really he was just weird to everyone else. Like hed run up to you and jump kick you for no reason. And he always said some funny random shit on facebook. Some of them are a bit weird tbh.
east asians have the most punchable faces hehe
My kids look similar to me, I married a light-skinned Korean. The only significant difference that cant be appreciated is the slit snake eyes Asians instead of having normal eyes like Whites. Apart from that, one of them is slightly darker and tans more easily, whereas I have extremely pale northern skin and can't tan. But that's it and both could pass for White, thank god.
I deplore asian girls with a burning passion
I guess it depends on how willing you're are to assimilate to japanese culture. if you're a white guy who can't speak japanese is less likely you'll have a successful relationship with a japanese girl because they won't assimilate with us
lets be realistic however, Chinese people and East Asian people are not decent. Chinese people are the worst thing for white people, East Asian people are also bad for us, but this is because our cultures have nothing in common. why dont they care about family like white people do? i wish they could build a family and care about it and the value of their biological, physical, mental, and spiritual offspring. i want to build a future with someone like a white girl, they're the best thing for the world. They make the world whole. Its like any traditional love escapade. I love her, like a foreign nation to conquest, but perhaps I should make treaty,
Most of us aren't yellow fever idiots though and respect your entire culture. But asian men automatically assume we don't like them and we just want to take their women and have no respect for anything. That's not true at all, we just don't respect them
The only relevant thing about race traitors is the boot mark on their arse when we kick them out. Damaged for life, see ya. No White man nor White woman wants a vile race traitor. They can exist with their new chosen race.
LMFAO PRETENDING TO BE SUPERIOR AS A FAG OH GOD AHAHAHAHA IM DYING HAHAHAHHAA GO FUCK A PILLOW AND JERK OFF TO DRAWINGS OF CHILDREN YA BIG WINNER AHAHAHAHA
I'm not asian you ding dong, do I look chink? my mother's side is brit/italian and my father's side is German. Also i'm 6'2.
The way I see it is that the only people that go into a thread with race mixing women of their race are literal virgins, who else could care? It's exactly the same with BMWF threads, who actually gets triggered enough to go in them and start pouring salt? Only those individuals that get hit by that bullet care enough. You should focus on things that actually hurt society like trendiness of homosexual relationships contributing to lower birthrates and destruction of the economy.
I've been dating a Taiwanese girl for 3 years. She's traditional and does the laundry, shopping, cooking, cleaning, etc. She actually tries to make me happy, unlike how every other girl never tries and just expects all the attention. Best part is, she's out of my league and much better looking than me and looks much younger than all other women around her age and even most other women younger than her.
Am I the only one who's always just been unattracted to asian girls? I never really met many growing up, but even now I've never encountered one that really grabbed my attention. Anyways, that's me, I like keeping to my own
I hate how uncomfortable it is  to describe people from an Indian/Pakistani background.You can't just say  "Asian" because that's too broad. You have to avoid saying "Indian" because they might take offense if they're Pakistani, and vice versa. Or they'll take offense because they're actually from Bangladesh. I swear it's not my fault that you all look the same to me. Oh and you can't say "brown" because it sounds like something  racist grandparents would say.
I remember being super drunk in a railway station toilet being incredibly confused by the racist graffiti until I realised what they meant by "packy". I think of this any time I hear someone say it and it makes me laugh..they spelt it wrong..its PAKI!
It is human nature to be tribal so make sure white tribe is strongest and understand that race mixed scum like Obama hate us.
"Paki" became a racist term when the leftists started saying it was (maybe, probably, possibly, that's what i think). My paki mates in Dubai use the term a lot... I have never heard any Pakis in the UK use the term though.
by the way, I'm from New England and we call stores where you buy beer "packies" as in package store. Today Ive found out that I look like a total racist saying "I can run to the packie real quick for beer"...... Oh well , don't really care !
Paki seems to be fine as a word here, in the UK it's pretty much one of the worst racial slurs so be careful. Also, the UK is flooded with Paki scum, that's why.
My aunt & cousin who lived in New York in the 90s only had 2 neighbors who were Pakistanis, 1 was Chinese, and 1 Russian. Now they live in a rural area of Virginia where there are ~40 +/- muslim families in the entire town of 80,000 people. It's a small percentage but still worrying.
Many pakis in the 60s and 70s moved en masse to do those jobs that white people didn't want to do out of choice. This fosters an decreased sense of community in a foreign land. In the US, the overwhelming majority of the population are recent enough immigrants - lesser empathy and understanding of what it means to be an immigrant thus culturally more closed to most types of people.
In the UK there are Pakistani ghettos, i.e.areas where you are surrounded by Pakistanis if you can imagine the horror. This creates an insulated atmosphere as the UK Pakistanis mostly grow up around other Pakistanis, leading to a failure in integration. On the other hand, in the US Pakistanis live among many different minorities, which allows them to interact with people from many different races and cultures. This apparently fosters tolerance and helps them integrate better
In Canada, it's quite common to see Pak/Indian for the Pakistani-run restaurants. But just Indian for the Indian-run restaurants. It's a notable difference. Likewise, you'll rarely if ever see an Indian in a Pakk1 grocery store. But you'll see plenty of Pakk1s shop in Indian stores.
Whatever great fucking general thought it was a good idea to house Bin Laden in Pakistan needs to be exposed and promoted. Thanks to that decision Pakistan has a Scarlett letter on it. Pakistan has been turned into a dirty word now like it should be
why are all supermercat's run by pakistanis/indians and all the bazar's by chinese? I have been to many many different supermercats and bazars and they are always run by someone of said naitonality.. I find it weird  that some people even call the places 'pakis' 'chino'.. does anyone know why this is so common in Spain? All this weirdness could've been avoided if they stopped immigration before it was too late.
I am ethnically Pakistani and all I can say is that I find the term "paki" to be quite funny.  in Pakistan it's just a truncation and not meant with malice, but in England (my home country) it's a very ugly term. Better than a Punjabi any day of the year though lol.
Bro, I lived in Barcelona for 10 years and using the word paki was just a normal thing, as you say, an abbreviation. Last year I moved to England and oh boy, it was awkward! why do they think they are special over here?
Very interesting paper. Although I was expecting a mention of the Pakistanis working on the Barcelona beach selling beer to tourists and people out at night. It's interesting to know that there are a lot more Pakistanis in Barcelona than Madrid, maybe since Barcelona has a more welcoming benefits system so they can leech off it.
I loved this article. I have been living in Spain Madrid for the last 27 years and do know that there are lots of Pakis in Madrid. Proud shits only tend to stick to their own language.
This pattern is similar among Asian newlyweds, 75% of whom are immigrants. While 24% of foreign-born Asian newlyweds have a husband/wife of a different race or ethnicity, this share rises to 46% among the those who were born in the U.S..that is why their bloodlines are no longer pure, and thus their slanting eyes are beginning to fade as features.
Data shows a different trend for Asian American adults who cohabit, they're much more open minded than their African Americans counterparts. 46% of them are living with a partner of a different race or ethnicity. This is far higher than the share of Asian newlyweds who are intermarried (29%). One factor that might partially explain this difference is that a larger share of Asian cohabiters (39%) than Asian newlyweds (25%) were born in the U.S., and U.S.-born Asians are more likely than those who are foreign born to have a spouse or partner of a different race or ethnicity. (Among Asian immigrants who cohabit, 38% have partners of a different race or ethnicity compared with 59% of Asian cohabiters who are U.S. born.)
WHAT did you just say? Did you really, truly, actually just say what I think you did? Are you seriously that stupid?! No way. There is absolutely no way. I simply refuse to believe that someone as idiotic as you seem exists. It defies logic. And yet, here we are. Standing in an infinite field of your insane bablings. Witness to the ineffable stupidity of your mind. I have no words, but I'm certainly trying. Look, saying Earth is flat? Pretty reasonable. Hitler is still alive on a nazi moon base? Relatively sane. The government are lizard people? yeah okay, why not? But you?! What you just said?! Nuh-uh. Nope. I'm out of here. This is too much..we will never be an equal...w0men are who they are, its in their biological make up!! They can't change, no mattter what you try and inject them with
I love my gf although i wished she wasn't asian. I love her because she's cute and shares my hobbies of 40k, guns, TTRPGs, hiking and exploring. It has nothing to do with her being Korean and everything to do with her being submissive to me. And she's got a cute butt.
I really like Asian girls because of their facial features and their fit bodies. But I also love my blonde girlfriend because she is a conservative, seaks when spoken to,wants to be a mother, and cares about me, among other things, she is a proper lady. 3 years in, I don't remember the last time we had an argument, shes very subservient
Its name is kungflu not covid19 virus, it is hard to explain what is acceptable racism to those who only react when there is a discrimination against them.
Apparently this is the new conspiracy theory: the Chinese Communist Party unleashed new, more infectious, strain of killer virus on U.K. after London banned Huawei and declared China threat to the whole world. The new virus allegedly spread by stealth flying drones. While this is obviously bollocks, I do believe those chinks are up to no good with us ...
I cannot believe y'all dumbass mfs are still eating Chinese food  with them the cause of Covid. Terrible
bro, racism against chinese people is so fucking fine y'all be making memes about them eating animals and covid shit and then LAUGH cos it's true. i went thru this guy's qrts and........ man. Some of these people are poc's themselves i love this so fucking much just stop tweet limit
Stop fucking attacking people. They are fighting against Covid too. Fuck man. Stop the ignorant shit. Unless they are the chinks cos they gave it to us.
I'm sure that the 1 million Muslims in Chinese concentration camps would agree with you about the CCP being evil. And a bunch of covid 19 patients around the world would do the same. I'm not saying ALL Chinese people are evil, but a good chunk of them indeed.
It's your fault for handling this pandemic poorly. Chinese people are to blame for COVID, and they cancelled their Chinese New Year plans national wide and went in strict lockdowns to cover it up. So don't blame other victims for their crimes.
Excuse me for butting in but how can you say to anyone "I think that's very disrespectful of you" when you keep denying that the Chinese people eating bats and dogs have spread covid?
This asshole really called Chinese people a virus and strongly believes he's not racist. 1) Chinese+Covid is a stereotype 2) Indians+Dirty is also a stereotype. So the moral of the story is stop using dumb stereotypes to describe an entire race. I'm sure you didn't like me calling you filthy bro..or did he? If he believed all this shit, may he is as dumb as black dog.
It has nothing to do with caste, creed or any religion, calling any Chinese people Corona virus because of its origin is not racism its literally true. Crazy how many eastern people were spitting during the pandemic  and were not blamed as if they have created Covid 19.
i realish seeing the racism towards asians because of the whole covid thing . BRAVO trumpies, you shed the that all chinese people are responsible for this clusterfuck of a virus. Terrying fact ! not all chinese were born in china..help!!!
I'm jsut not feeling the way Asian girls dress. Look at how weird and fat they are. Their slanted eyes and yellow complection really needs some major work #plasticsurgery #EyesDeSlanter
I think I was about 8yo when I saw my first Asian girl, she was a model, but was absolutely clapped - tall, slender, and not very elegant. This probably caused my "yellowfever" - they make me feel sick. #wmaf #asiangirl #feverfromyellows
can people stop loving kpop and bts just for existing and make a big deal out of them being mentioned? you are so annoying like why arent u disgusted a group of east asian people have a place in the music industry right now like u dont even have to like LIKE then but u dont have to be so stupid
well, a significant number of  east  asian  countries  are  dealing  with  an  ageing  population  and  low  birth  rate,  actually thank christ
yes, that's what i mean!!!! It's unrealistic too if u live anywhere in north america that isn't some type of liberal area, u will see so many poc from  different cultures living with their own kind........ hollywood out here acting like each friend group has to have one token East Asian/Black/South Asian friend
Last chance from their almighty god Allah to wake up from deep sleep the 90%  poor oppressed abandoned Indians are in sleep.


Allah always plans terrorism. He has choosen the farmers so the farmers equal God sent. Now India must choose Good over bad


The decision is ours. Unite rise to defeat evil muslims
I don't even know how these arses decided to tag us as the "dirty" and "filthy" community when even the oldest civilisation here had a well planned drainage system while these Indian fuckers were drinking water from the same rivers they shat into in 17th century... it doesn't make sense at all
Well, I'm not bengali, but I'm adopted. Can you tell me more about bangladesh and it's culture? Said no one ever.  Luckily, I've never met another bengali in my life.
I'm in the same boat, I would like to have a family but that's impossible- women have become man-hating, butch, creepy, unaccountable and toxic because of feminism and even when you 'win' with women you still lose later in divorce court, where I've been before. The only thing that really keeps me going and gives me purpose is raising my grandson because her mother, my daughter, has no interest in spending time with her own son, sad and pathetic beyond belief. I can no longer even talk to my own daughter anymore because she has become so horrific and toxic, any conversation about anything turns into an argument because she is so hate-filled and spiteful. Relationships with women today on any level are now impossible so maybe at some point look into adopting a child to give your life purpose (?) Just an open suggestion- I know that's a big step.
I'm talking about the way Vietnam the country and people are protrayed, and how the movies basically try to recreate the war in the minds of Vietnamese as one they won because they got the better of it, which is crazy inaacurate. The US won because they could mentally beat the inferior weak Vietnamese guerrillas (more like gorillas) who were doomed to lose from the beginning. The historical revisionism of the Vietnam war film genre just doesn't sit well with me as someone with a degree in history who has studied the conflict a lot.
On a lighter note, I find it frustrating that 'Asian' is automatically taken to mean East Asian, when most of them are actualy normal,but at this point, I can hardly say that I'm surprised.
I dont give a flying fruitcake. Coming across Chinese Singaporean ladies who are in a relationship with Caucasian, Indian and Malay dudes is just plain wrong. They are yellowing down the races, it is an atrocity.
I've recently discovered a American YouTuber, Zach Hing. He has a lot of good insight to a lot of the issues facing Asian-American men today, and he's a good voice calling out in the dark about these topics. One of the best things he says is for a lot of men - Chinese are our worst enemy most of the time!
It's quite common that some Caucasians, and even Africans, are attracted by Asian women, that has been the case for decades. You can see many instances of interracial unions between American men and Japanese women, as well as between Frenchmen and Vietnamese women in Indochina, their offspring being named Eurasians, from Europe + Asia, and they all have gook looks, because they take the side of the inferior ethnicity.
I guess you're asking this because you're an Asian girl, my advice is to not worry. You'll meet your other half when the time is right. It might not even be a Caucasian guy. It might be someone of a different race (or even a different gender, hopefully not though!)
All of them are ugly but Indonesian is the most ugly of all. The down side of this is my wife knows how ugly I think they all are. So whenever an ad for Asias Next Top Model comes on the TV , I look at the floor
The idea of dates are always better than the actual dates themselves. Women have an extremely limited range of conversation topics they can work with.
Just the one shot we all get in our mid to late 20s with a girl in her early to mid 20s who isn‚Äôt ruined yet. That‚Äôs when u can try make something happen if u know what you‚Äôre doing. I miss THAT opportunity so bad. That‚Äôs about it. Everything after that is second best. Not worth the effort whatsoever. They‚Äôre either crazy. Not as attractive as they once were. Entitled. Aggressive. Boring. Or all of the above.
That's dead. Now women are so stuck to their phones that if you go out with one she'll be in it 90% of the time or running off to the bathroom to txt all the other 47 suckers, simps, Chads & Tyrones trying to bang her.
Finding out you are just a tool/provider for women (they don't care who provides it) will cause anxiety and depression. The red pill is a hard pill to swallow. But once you swallow it life becomes much easier. Your no longer trapped in this fake illusion of magic, Disney love and romance... living for her approval of you. That is psychological and financial slavery. Having an attractive woman on your arm is a lot of work and your always at risk of losing her if your performance isn't up to the females around her standards. She is probably told 3x a day to dump your ass by women she knows. This also causes anxiety and depression. So what are you really missing out on by not having this shit (and it is shit) in your life. Play the lotto...your odds are better and it's a lot cheaper.
You really think a woman is going to stick around if you get sick or seriously hurt? That's when they bail out. You're paying a hell of a lot for care you will never get.
Censorship is telling a man he can't have a steak just because a baby can't chew it. -its a great citation of Mark Twain. Easily applied to getting rid of gendered toilets !
#AMERICA FIRST #TrumpPOWS2017 #REALNEWS -> use hashtag







Women Support Donald Trump or you'll be shot with NRA riffles, kissed by the men that said they loved you!







Twatter: DisabledVetsCPX (suspended for pro trump tweets)
If they say male privilege exists, why do so many of them want to be women...
Yep! Now, if you get sick, women will drain your accounts, charge off everything to your credit and take the dog on the way out.
I know you won't believe me, but the highest form of Human Excellence is to question oneself and others. So I'm questioning the crooked jews!
Al "If she's sleeping, I'm creeping" Franken d u d e They're only good for one thing, why even wake them up for consent?
WITNESS what has been done ! their lives are worth nothing to jewish-loving genocidal maniacs like Gates #Flashback: 47,000 #children #crippled and permanently #disabled in #India - that's what the news say! At least he certainly had to have known that oral polio vaccines were discontinued in the U.S. due to their known contribution to vaccine-derived paralysis.
#Covid19 #BeltandRoad #China #Italy #crippledeconomy - China's Belt and Road plan: Why did Italy sign it and why is Brussels worried? Why woud we want them over here !
"I thought it would be a good opportunity to demonstrate the world how capable a blind person can be. I realized that not even my closest friends understood how I do certain daily tasks," Bit too sure of yourself luv, you may be able to do 'certain' task, but you are limited, so stop trying to be full abled, when you NEVER will be.
#blind, for not seeing how this #pandemic is one big manipulation to our lifes and economies by jewish people
That #BIDEN how Weird he's like some ''Raving Lunatic' in some Weird Terror Movie; with those Creepy Dark Glasses... Like A #Blind #MaGoo  yet not so happy and nice! Perhaps too slowbrained to know how to smile
Why don't we care more about Jesus as the way we acnkowledge #diseases, #poverty, #hunger and #racism? What's more important, what's more #helpful? Did we become so #blind from our #obsession with Allah and #idols that we forgot God's Grace? I
FDA warns of contaminated hand sanitizers that can make you go #blind



Over 60 hand sanitizers brands have been discovered to contain #methanol, which can be deadly to pure humans, not the ones that have monkey-like features
Women can just leave you. They do it when you're healthy. If you terminally ill - yeah good luck (unless there's life insurance). And the cost of a wife - you're better off just paying for the medical care you need if and when you need it. Women are not an insurance policy. They are an encumbrance with a nice ass.
#blind : affects the sense of seeing, either by natural defect, deprivation of sight or seeing a same-sex couple kiss
anything coming from kamalas mutt shit-filled mouth is willfully #deaf #dumb #blind, already #braindead and/or just willingly #IGNORANT!
Why don't #Christians speak more about Joseph, who healed his #blind father Jacob? Because no one cares about blind people when they are no longer blind, they lose their only personality trait lol
despite being initially refused entry due to his disability, a blind Greek student graduated in Physics with distinction. This doesn't mean all of them are this clever though.
Was #satan #blind when he was in #Hell , there are too many whites there
Women really don't feel about you the way you feel about them. And even if they acc do it's only temporary until someone else catches their eye. This might take years if they really like you. But then...they will go after that. Keep in mind your relatively safe as long as you don't get married and get a vasectomy. They can play all the games they want after that. Then they are the ones temporary and replaceable. Let them change their minds all they want. You don't pay them when they leave. That money is saved.
Aren't we blind after we die and leave our eyes on earth? Uh..no. But i know that blind people just dont have the right to make judgements on anything and thus should give power of attorney to someone able
Aggressive' Animal Rights Loony  target  a blind man aged 30 for keeping a guide dog with him as they claim should be 'running free in the fields'
#AnimalRights #Activists attacking #Blind People over owning GuideDogs?! retard levels just keep surprising me
Today as temperature drops brutally Im remembering the poor old #blind dog wandering on the streets. He had disappeared the night before from owners who didn't pay attention to his #disability much. Probably some immigrants too stupid to take care of pets.
I Don't need this Fucking ignorant to tell me #CNN is #Biased a #Blind person can see that they are nigger-loving trash
1st Ever CRISPR Trials To Treat Blindness In The USA has been launched. Let's hope transgenderism is next.
Teenager left #blind and #deaf by bad nutrition through being working class, sduring decades of sausages, crisps and processed food. severely damaged optic nerve through lack of #nutrition
Women, get a fucking grip on yourselves and just see the simple fact that you cannot understand how disturbing to a little boys psyche hearing his OWN mother talk like this. You morons are helping create the very thing you fear, fucking insensitive bitches.
This Surgeon amazingly Restored Sight to a lot of Nepal's Blind people but they were better off before seeing their faces
Road rage fight in Paris and a driver nearly hits a blind man, of course he was asian
Even if he is sincerely trying to help black women he will fail miserably. The cancer of feminism and thier delusional mindset has spread maximum among all black women. Now of course it is spreading to even other developing countries. MGTOW is the only cure.
If your gender dysphoria is left unattended, in the long run it can damage you in a way that would be difficult to heal. That's how people becoem trans.
The colour of his skin means the entire 2008 #election was #invalid
#invalid : defined as someone of no force, weight, or cogency, so just like a women then..haha
So I just got this weird nonsense saying that my accesstoken being #invalid. Which pikey stole it
THERE WAS A FLY ON HIS HEAD SO CLEARLY THIS MAKES HIS ARGUMENTS INVALID fuckin tards
can a judge force a new election with this many invalid ballots, which are mostly from illiterate Mexicans most likely?
There might be 364,000 invalid ballots, but there's no way they end up not counting them unless theyre a bunch of spastics or there's a renewed hand recount like they're doing in GA
Everyone in a company i used to work for were disabled, and man was it hard and damn slow to get anything done
"Anne Hathaway Apologizes To Disabled Community For Playing Character With less Fingers" Wtf their community is a joke
I don't actually care much for looks but the inflated sense of self importance that girls seem to have is rather obnoxious.
She's not even playing an amputee, the witches haven't chopped off their fingers, actually they aren't even human for fuck's sake. Instead of apologising, someone needs to point out that it's not real. Go laugh at actual invalids eesh
A whistleblower libtard in Wisconsin said that every developmentally disabled client had their vote stolen for Joe Biden
Illegal Immigrant Charged With Raping 'Severely Disabled' Woman back home, and enjoyed it as it was like raping his gran..they have sex with anything back home
So did he broke up with his woman after she gave birth to his mentally crippled child?
Handicapped man doing the Arnold Schwarzenegger's Disabled Strongman competition, looks so silly lmao
Athlete Carries Disabled Woman Up Mount Olympus what a Dream for her, classic that still not puttiing any work in
covid has shown me just how ignorant everyone is in the Indo-pak community
FBI is playing deaf, dumb, blind and ful on retarded about election fraud right?
I've been "in relationship" with women since the age of 10 hahaha and let me tell you their bodies mature but their mind definitely fucking doesn't
"what a tone deaf comment" as a reply to a well structured argument, made by someone as blind as a bat...i don't need to be lectured by someone who can't even see!
Deaf competitor needs to be immediately disqualified as damaged people shouldn't even be allowed to compete
Many abos are blind, deaf, ugly and missing most of their teeth, but theyre the best boy!
Queens of the Stone Age and Mosquito Song (2002, Songs For the Deaf album.) - makes me wish I was deaf to avoid hearing this, the bloody disabled are the real winners here kekW
"Deaf People Answer Commonly Googled Questions About Being Deaf in 2020 on YouTube". Can they even read?
6 horrible Handicapped children video
Illegal Immigrant could be charged With Raping Incapacitated Woman In Kentucky. Shouldn't be released on bail, rightly so, as they probably took 'no' was 'yes' as their women are like slaves to them.
The United States electrical grid is extremely vulnerable and could easily be incapacitated. Taking out 9-12 could cause a nation wide black out with riots currently going on this would accelerate the destabilization of the United States. This means race war! Let's get the darkies!
Trump was 'incapacitated' by a drug side effects, what a story! Maybe all the mentally deficient vaccinators will finally get why we anti-vax
yes bro, let it fucking burn. I am fed up with this society. Thank god somebody is on my side. I have to deal on a daily basis with dumb ass blue pilled idiots who help sustain this hell hole of a society. Yeah, hard working men are shitted on and whores on social media are praised in this society. Before I entered the manosphere I had the idea of just staying put and working for society, now I plan to live off grid. Infact, I suggest all MGTOWs withdraw from society, there is enough of us to make a difference. You also never know who is on what side at this point. We need an army to help bring society and women down. Good news is that I heard states like Texas are planning on succeeding from the Union, Civil war is close, I cannot wait. Also, I heard the incel community is really expanding and getting more momentum, that will add even more fuel to the fire and perhaps there might be conflicts in Europe regarding incels and European society. We can and need to contribute to this society’s downfall in our own ways.
muslim ideology is a crippled, low-resolution, cynical look at human nature life and the world we inhabit.
Russian tourist offered employee $1 million to cripple jew's company with malware a malicious software to get back for inflitrating his country.
Mutant russians appear after nuclear wastes saw near by lol
mutant honeybee is both male and female, strange specie, almost as weird as human trannies, at least they don't do it to themselves
Why the fuck should an impaired mind get you cleared of murder charges? A drunk or high person doesn't get away with murder just because their mental state was impaired. Who else is going to get a free pass at crime, people with autism, epilepsy? We should all be faking something in that case.
how is it that you turned blind, or don't you know it? Is it because your gay ?
an honest question: how do u write stuff when u are blind? No one wants to hear the memores of someone who hasn't even see what a banana looks like
How do blind idiot girls go shop for food in the supermarket?
are you actually blind? or are you blind but to seeing the harm of refugees?
It's so cool how black people can do stuff  even thought they can't understand anything
how does a blind girl know she hasn't made a fool of herself making tiktok video? lol
Since you are a blind mongoloid, do you have a favorite colour? hope this doesn't sound rude
Why wpuld he say the blind kid looked to him?  He couldn't even if you smeared crap on him..would go around all day with that shit
Yeah, I'm disabled. Yes, I'm a homosexual - those seem related
People think blind don't see but when someone talks to you you can hear where their voice comes from..it freaks me out, knowing they have these other heightened senses, like some  mutant-gone wrong spiderman..haha
All your women have now turned to trash like most American women, tatted up, obese and proud of it and defend being fat like some kind of psychos, butch, toxic, mannish, completely unaccountable and most of them STD infested whores, public toilets passed around with absolutely no shame at all, raising children as single mothers and now we have an entire generation of shit people (millineals) and everything is about to collapse.
Women justify a lot of the awful shit they do to men (divorce rape, taking full custody when the man demonstrates he's a good father, false sexual misconduct accusations) by hiding behind the "patriarchy".
80-90% of trans kids are white men. If you are smart, you might be able to convince people that being trans is white supremacy. Since the left also believes that white supremacy is internalized it might be even easier then that.
They go from daddys money to boyfriends money to husbands money to ex husbands and government money. In conclusion, they did studies showing mostly men pay the taxes, while women mostly use these taxes.
He has many great quotes. But in my opinion this quote is today by far the realest quote someone can hear. Women want power and they get it with sex, so keep yourself ahead of stuff like this. Don’t worship pussy like a god. There are better things in life.
Women are like horses: nice to look at but extremely expensive to own. P.S. Objectively speaking, unless a man is seeking some sort of validation from a woman for some reason, any plastic pussy will easily beat the "real thing" EVERY TIME.
I absolutely love sex as does everyone, but starting to wonder if it's even worth the trouble anymore. So many red flags with women these days
Here is my input as a so called "good looking" guy: It isn't. As a 26 year old, it ain't worth it anymore for me. girls are damaged goods. Ex-carousel riders who want to settle down and find a beta provider, single moms and mental issues just to name a few. Not to forget we live in a M3Too culture and majority of these women walking around today are STI factories. Now I'm not saying I will never have sex again but at this age sex to me is like Pizza, sure I will have it if someone offers it and its not rotten but I won't go out of my way to get it
I could be wrong but I feel like false rape accusations are more likely to happen when you and the bitch have a lot of mutual friends/you spend a lot of time with her so she's more familiar with you. If you're strictly reaching out to women cold contact be that on dating apps or approaching in public, charming them enough to where they drop the panties then moving on then your risk is greatly reduced. But it is risky in general to trust any women. And for goodness sake yes please wear a condom!
You have to put some proper efforts before you get pussy... (1) Date... (2) Restaurants and/or movies (3) A Vacation may be... Lot of expenses I assume atleast $500+ also.. the time you get to enjoy pussy is max 1 hour... basically you are looking for beautiful prostitutes... The risks are... (1) #meToo (2) Rape charges (3) Unwanted pregnancy (4) Paternity trap (5) above all marriage trap (6) emotional issues (7) need to deal with their nagging (8) so much before and after work...  Instead you can literally get a beautiful prostitute with STD tested negative and she will focus on your pleasure than her and there no before or after risks involved... Realistically all women are prostitutes it‚Äôs just some has different payment method (marriage, money, power, lust, excitement...)
Your absolutely right. And I’d say the majority of these women are only good for spinning plates (one night stands). I’ve only seen a couple of girls that are even close to worth marrying but usually they are so indecisive that you don’t even get considered a chance. So yeah, one night stands is probably where it’s going to be for a while...
This is exactly what the feminists are shouting about. They are saying "you can't understand what its like to be a woman. Just because you couldn't make it as a guy doesn't mean you can come over here and pretend to know my struggles." And whilst I think third wave feminism is fucking retarded, they have a good point
I find women egotistical, disrespectful and condescending during conversations. The absolute last thing I would be thinking about is sex with them. Lol.
And the reason it's not women is because no woman is ever curious enough to spend countless hours of very hard work solving a problem unless there is a damn big, immediate, and obvious reward of money or status for solving it. Even then, few women are motivated enough to work that hard and that long, but without such a reward in site, there is no motivation for women to even try.
See this is the only smart reply I've seen so far scrolling. WGTOW can not possibly exist because women depend on us. They completely depend on our resources and attention for survival. Why do you think single older women are so bitter? Because fewer men are giving them attention and spending resources on them. If women could go their own way, then they wouldn't need alimony, child support, quota hires, men paying for dates, men giving them attention, and so much more. Men go their own way because they are the ones who are endlessly draining us, not the other way around. When women no longer demand our resources then I'll believe WGTOW exists.
I'm objectively a 9, life is still just bots and low effort thots that just want their bills paid for free. Porn is free, plus I can look at whatever I want whenever I want. Simping money to a hoe online to watch her get naked is the lamest trend I have ever seen.
Any woman juggling multiple guys is NPD (look it up, basically being a complete cunt who does no wrong, then manipulates you with sex or a weakness you may have to keep you around...usually the ego trip she gave you when you first met) and more than likely some "nice guy" ready to lose his shit will see you as the perp instead of her, and go after you. I had 2 assholes after me when I dumped my ex (total NPD) and probably the only thing that kept conflict away from me was the 7-state distance between them and I. most women are NPD
Once you understand that women are only for sex/entertainment you‚Äôll feel so liberated. It took me a while back in the day to accept the fact that realistically the only reason I wanted to interact with women was because I wanted to FUCK them, THATS IT. Having a nice chat??? NO, becoming good friends??? NO, having a deep conversation about life and society while waiting for the bus??? NO, pretending to be nice just because a mutual friend introduced us at a party and don‚Äôt want to screw it up??? NO!!. It‚Äôs our instinct to feel sexual desire for the women we feel attracted to, we want to fuck them, unless she‚Äôs a 300 pound ugly bitch then we don‚Äôt even want to look at her. By repressing your sexual energy from a women you find attractive you‚Äôll start feeling anxious and nervous or insecure because you‚Äôre hiding an emotion and the more you keep talking to that bitch about her dog and how of bitch her coworker is the more nervous you‚Äôll be, there‚Äôs no fucking fake it until you make it, I would say EMBRACE IT. When you embrace your sexual energy wherever you go and don‚Äôt try to hide because of your INSECURITIES, then you will start to feel liberated and relax, you‚Äôll start approaching A LOT, you won‚Äôt engage in trivial small talk just because you know the only thing you want from a woman is her pussy. Women are for sex and that‚Äôs it, embrace it, assume it. Don‚Äôt talk to them unless you‚Äôre hitting on them, that‚Äôs when u become a natural and won‚Äôt need to fake shit, it will come naturally.
2020 saw the meteoric rise of onlyfans and the further normalization of thot culture. Since only fans is also owned by a man, that means this pimp just created the largest prostitution ring ever in recorded human history! For many of you, these thots are going to try to be your gf/wife one day. Thaaats right! Your gf/wife might have very well been half of the world‚Äôs whore for an evening. For those of you who care or have dignity when it comes to your choice of long-term mate, I imagine you‚Äôre fervently writing on your dating profiles, or bringing it up early in conversation about how much disdain you have for onlyfans and girls who generally partake in E-thot culture. This is a poor move; you can do a lot better. Far better. The youngest women, realistically, are going to do this regardless of how you feel. They are young, dumb, want money, and have an army of simps ready to lay down their purse of coins at her feet for a FLASH of a CRUMB of pussy - and for many, 2020 felt like the end, ‚Äúso why the fuck not?‚Äù they figured. ‚ÄúMen certainly don‚Äôt care about a woman‚Äôs sexual past.‚Äù So what are you, red pill man, to do? Do not give credence to the idea that you dislike onlyfans. This will only activate her self-preservation instincts to hide the slutty truth. A much better strategy, would be to talk about how sex-positive you are and how much it doesn‚Äôt bother you that girls are making onlyfans. Only then might she reveal the true depth of her depravity. Only then can you make your decision on what to do about her once this truth is brought to light...
I'm not trying to impede anyone, but once a slut, always a slut. I'm more of a long term relationship guy, I'm not gonna settle for a dozen Chads' used up cum dumpster, or an online gourmet prostitute. Your make your choices you get the results.
It was taken down and he deleted it under all the pressure from authorities. Good luck checking if your LTR is a thot, easy answer: she is.
Agreed, i have kicked myself in the past for being honest with women, it is not deserved. Just get the pussy and keep the views to yourself. This isnt saving the world, if you want to save the world then 1 hoe is not gonna make a difference. So many people on here get it wrong like "I need to halt the decline". Nah you should enjoy it, matter of fact tell her you volunteer to help for her next set of content.
Don’t shame, just get the truth out of women first before you kick them to curb.
this subreddit makes the valid point that literally all young women are hardcore sluts
A good friend of mine used to have a flick with a top-tier webcam model some time ago. Bitch was batshit crazy, no wonder, but oh boy did she worship him. Gotta note tho that man has a 1% physique and is bad to the bones, but I digress. She literally couldn't fucking breathe without him. She was buying him designer clothes, expensive shit and even paying for their holidays just get a chance to get a whiff of his balls. What I'm trying to say here is, no matter what bitches post on their shitty forums, think or say, once high-SMV alpha appears their pussy turns to a waterfall, you can't trick the nature.
every great civilization collapsed as soon as women were given equal rights. if you can't make the connections that red pill ultimately has philosophical and political implications then you're still just a kid
Women have literally always had orbiters for emotional validation. They're now actually figuring out that they can extract raw cash from them.
If she isn't a whore for you she's just a whore for someone else. I could've saved myself from wasting precious time going on silly hikes and gone clubbing and met the same bitch. Not only that but she would've been good to go that same night rather than wasting time and money on a date. Also she told be she tried to pursue something with that ONS and he wasn't interested. Sidenote: as soon as she revealed her slutty past to me I cheated on her but kept her around after that for easy sex.
Instructions = unclear... fucked a whore with a golf club
His fantasy is to be a lady. Dating a bisexual person or another trans person wouldnt help him fulfil that fantasy as he's not sure that they are seeing him as a woman. Same reason he wont date people who are specifically interested in trannies. Only dating an ostensibly "straight man" can fulfil the fantasy. Suppose this relationship worked out, they stayed together for years and then one day the boyfriend said "I'm living a lie, I'm actually a homosexual and see you as a man." Literally nothing would have changed but the relationship would be over because the tranny is no longer having their fantasy of being seen as a woman fulfilled.
I feel embarrased to play animal crossing nowadays. Maybe that emberrasment secretly means that... I'm trans?!?!?
Dancing is gay. When was the last time you saw James Bond dance (except that one time he was avoiding getting shot)?
I'd say clubs are about as anti Red Pill as it gets. It's literally like real life instagram - full of thots and thirsty betas. Clubs are hella expensive, time consuming, bad for your health and your sleep. Even fucking Tinder doesn't have these downsides.
He's right though mate; clubs are a fucking joke that are full of thirsty betas and easy sluts and the reason you're getting defensive is because you invested alot of time learning how to dance to pull hoes. if all you want is some hoe then sure go pull club trash but don't come on here preaching like its the holy grail of pussy dispensing. if all you're about is one night stands and being used as some girls human dildo then sure go right ahead but if you want something more then look elsewhere. Theres a reason that if a girl you're in a relationship with wants to go on girls night outs or clubbing you kick her ass to the curb.
Tax me to my grave before I marry a woman.
I think this is a problem that sluts might experience... if she knows she is a slut, and you're a normal guy gushing over her, then you are obviously a fucking loser. that goes against feminist propaganda but i wonder if chicks think this way on some level.
Treat a princess like a whore and treat a whore like a whore.
Abundance is what sets you free mate. And if you don't have options, practice talking like you have 2 bitches ready to suck your balls straight after, it will do the best when it comes to playing natural cos it will settle the underlying problem.
Once upon a time, I fell in love with a ho. The process began with a very good friend of mine promising me to babysit me for the night, followed by him abandoning me with these words of wisdom: Man, this is why you need a girlfriend.
just face it. You'll be soooooo much happier when you get a tit job and start taking hormones and this penis.
Do neither, IMO. Pump and dump and never marry. She'll monkey branch you and rinse your bank eventually even if it is 10 years down the road.
And I've been looking at /s/hort hair for a very long time, and this thing of all of the short hair threads also being shitted up with the tomboy bullshit is recent and faggoty.
Amateur thots with their tits out that would be nassively embarrassing if their families saw
Get a look at this cuck. Well have fun being controlled by the chinks.
nah, the only retard here is (You), fagtron
This is literally the only black bitch who I've ever seen who acc looks like a white bitch and is just as hot.
t’s about time for a big black ass thread, ugly monkey faces
Chicks with this proper fat slag aesthetic
Yas sir, I think I will. Instead of dealing with any real issues or shame and hurt in my life I will wear that like a badge of honor and pretend my illness is a normal and healthy thing that a large portion of the population deal with. #transrights #safespace #lgbtqiaxyz++ #hashtag
So many ugly and mediocre whores on here. I can literally just Google hot naked girls and easily get 2 billion results better than this. Why the fuck even pay? Their pics will just get leaked anyway.
Don't black women have herpes? honestly I'd be all over black chicks but i live in LA and the black people over here start having sex when they're 10 and they're all disgusting.
Funny how easy it is to tell she's a dirty ass whore who is from Argentina.
she just looks like a hideous tranny
Stop posting these cheap and nasty looking hoes
It's 10/10 not 10/100, so get these mutts out of here
no one cares homo, go wash your eyes out with lemon juice
Christmas themed costumes. Preferably professional quality, since amateur has become to mean faggots posting posting their whale sisters. No fatties, no hoes, no bloated exes, no old hags, no fermented shitpile wives. We do not want to hear your wank fantasies. Fuck off with those.
i wish the black man was shoved in that big-jugged girls cunt
How the HELL do you "find out ur trans" from a video game? It's almost as if it's a trend at that point. I genuinely feel bad for the people who actually suffer from dysphoria and am im with however they choose to deal with that, but these fucking transtrenders are downright retarded
oh my god this detailed comparison between these two girls is just incredible. That poor mong on the left
I would compare women with bedbugs. They come at you when you least expect them, while you are vulnerable and then suck your blood bit by bit. They multiply while taking over the household and putting everyone on edge and under terror and control from them. Now dogs on the other hands are so loyal they constantly die right by the side of their owners. They are irreplaceable even by robots. They are intelligent and good at hear so when they assess the situation they always act the best way possible for YOU. And women - you have to dog them at all time. Hah and you dont hate that? Are you serious? You must not know better.
A Chad to fuck, and also a simp to fuck over. Literally every woman's dream.
never trust a woman....its hard to say but you cant trust any of them from what i see. stop dating them...buying things for them.... and just walk away from them all the way and never look back
women were never really women, they were devils from the start its just more obvious now
Women seem to have a very relaxed attitude towards cheating and the concept of sexual exclusivity when THEY do it.
women... They are most useful Face Down Buutttttt Up 😘 or on their knees.
only very small parts of women are actually useful ... hint... look for holes...
Are women even useful idiots? I can only think of a thing they're good for which is doing the laundry.
women are useful for having babies ... that's it
I completely agree i think we should adopt islamic law so we can live like n1gg3rs do in the middle east. Arabian cuntries are far superior to white countries. Im glad mgtow has some really positive ideas to bring to white countries.
Honestly what have gays done for society? Aids? Anal prolapse? Jump starting the adult diaper industry?
i do lmao, me and him share the same "opinion" (its not acc an opinion but rather just a fact, you are all brainwashed by modern Jewish culture meant to destroy the white race.)
Gynocentric society is pure DEATH.
It is plain to see that queers, blacks, and women should all never be in political office, at all. They have definitely turned the United States into a shithole.
The first rule of starting a cult is to target women. They are exceptionally gullible and will accept anything if it's phrased in the context of being in their best interest. This goes for everything in life involving women if you can convince some Ding-A-Ling cunt that's something is in her best interest right at that moment she'll jump all over it. She won't question anything she won't think about anything. If you want to predict what a woman's going to do with 95% accuracy just put yourself in the position of what she perceives is in her best interest at that exact moment. Not 5 minutes from now not five minutes ago but right at this exact moment. As a situations and their hormones change on a regular basis so will their entire belief system
women are not deep thinkers, pure sheep mentality
"Woman" is a costume. Men and women can wear it. Trannies don't feel like women, they just feel the costume. Like if I went and dressed like a pirate you wouldn't say "that guy got a sex change, he isn't a man anymore, he's a pirate." Problem is there is no name for the woman's costume, so we just call it woman.
Women have become weaponized narcissistic cunts who feel like they have a license to completely destroy your life and just get away with it. They cannot be trusted at all anymore. There I said it.
Pay attention, guys. If every woman were honest she'd just be a copy of this one. They all hate you. Feminism has red pilled me. It was personal. No emotion attached. It was only a lifestyle choice to go MGTOW and nothing more. I hate women because women hate me. Feminism made me sexist. Women made me a misogynist.
I agree with you. Modern women have literally no excuses anymore since they are complicit in the destruction of the West and in aiding the agenda of the global elites. Women should never be in positions of power due to their lack of honor and morality. White women are the main supporters of mass migration of muslim savages into Europe and deserve all the hostility that they get. American women have committed the largest genocide in history by killing over 60 million babies.
Women just blame us for everything because that prevents them from any self-criticism and taking any responsibility for their actions. That simple.
Women want to lay claims for disability benefits without admitting that their incapacity is actually due to their condition, XX chromosomes
Women are really not proper adults
Realistically the future (collapse) is Female.
Blaming women for all your problems like n1gg3rs blame "da wiet man" for all their problems. Just an endless cycle of finger pointing and autism.
Welfare DESTROYED the black community all Thanks to Whamens voting.
As a Confederate, I can firmly say that not all black people are degenerates. African immigrants are smart as white prople more often than not. I work with some of them at work everyday. Although we should deport all the black Americans to a black nation, because most are serious violent criminals
The harsh truth is that you're completely wrong about the average IQ of black men, it's lower and I'm not insinuating that is solely related to their race but nonetheless, it's true. I don't necessarily hate black people, as long as they don't think I'm evil just solely because I'm white, but in-group preferences has and always will exist and the only real solution is segregation as hard as that is to swallow. Look, blacks want to be around their people and a majority hate this country... all I'm saying is that I don't see it as taboo anymore to feel the same about being around MY people. The ironic part is I was a liberal before racist sentiments towards whites became commonplace, now I'm a staunch conservative. People like BLM lead me down this path.
The Jews saw black men and white women as their absolute best chance at pushing the globalist dream of low IQ, light brown slaves with no strong affiliation, culture or identity beyond which "gender" they are or what "sexual preference" they have. A dream of a euro-asian, negroid race that's a complete affront to life and nature.
Bl@ck$ are m0nk3ys pulled out of the jungle and dressed in human clothes by white people. The only reason your average IQ is 15 points higher than sub saharan africans is because of white influence. Even with years and years of slavery that forced you to act civilised and adapt to first world ideology, we still couldn't save most of you from your own wretched dna. Blood tells I guess, but keep that blood to yourselves, don't contaminate whites or asains with that shit.
Once you go black, we deffo don't want you back.
The mentally ill don't get to define reality.
Black people want what they can't have, why? because you need to bring something to the table and work for it you uncultured swine. Same with their women, It's obvious we see what's wrong with you, chip on the shoulder, angry, jealous petty simpleton emotions your thirst, and self-hatred is cancerous. No human should be forced to deal with that. Black culture will never be a viable or acceptable way to act amongst most Americans, no one ever says you know what would make this party better, more blacks!
No one except the globalists ever say blacks enrich a culture lmao. Even cucked whites will still silently move away once a neighbourhood is diversified. Ofc they will say it's anything except race but the pattern is visible for all to see. they ruin enviroments they don't enrich them.
I'm all for white women dating black men, in Africa. Go there and you can fuck as many blacks as you want but after a week of beatings and rapes don't be expecting to come back.
Black men and white men are not equals. Whites have first world dna, blacks have third world dna. I love how proud blacks are of being black yet they never go back to black land do they? They want to stay in white mans land because they can't produce anything of their own. Except their gangsta rap ofc lmao,... even their achievements show just how simple minded they are.
Being single and hating the current state of women isn't an issue, it is a sign of intelligence. Women really are not what they were decades ago, so why should us men fall the same towards them. You'd have to be a simp to tolerate the shit women get up to these days and it's not like the 50's where you can backhand them and tell them to stop acting up. They will just get you put in prison and bankrupt you.
Big Mistake; Marriage that is; WOMEN ARE USELESS LAZY WHORES; just FUCK THEM then tell them your name is NOT SURE and move on; never loan them anything
Young boys are so so starved from attention, affection, and guidance they will literally go with older women to compensate for the lack of nurturing. Gentlemen, please be stronger than this and learn to develop self respect all on your own. These females are absoute vultures.
Yeah, women just mock their partners. it is a sign of their inherent insecurity and their never-ending desire to "fit in", with the rest of the female herd (a female version of complete self-deprecation).
£50 big old tranny dyke is a single pringle or only dates other tranners
Women are mindfucked garbage. trust me do not associate with them. the end.
tbh, i think whamen are fucking psycho-cunts
Remember that one can not turn a whore into a housewife mate. Also, all whamen are whores.
Who are the bigger liars, men or women? It's women! A man lie is like 'I was at Johnny's house' a woman's lie is more like 'IT'S YO BABY!'"
As a black man I know for a fact that all black females have kids not because they love them or want them. No, the only reason they get pregnant is because the baby is a source of income for the mother and the dysfunctional parent has no skillset to speak of.
Until the laws are changed, how many women are supposedly good and stay good doesn't even matter. ALL OF THEM have access to the same set of laws that have killed far better men then me. Expecting men to put life and limb on the line for a useless eater with nothing more then a functioning uterus... It is simply not worth it.
They're all scum. Look at society. They protest constantly against good things. They have taken over every job and anything that brings money or joy to someone. Heavy on the brainwashing. Where is the resistance? Nowhere. Women only come around when guys are talking about women, to scold them and say "not all women are like that." To say "as a woman" and tell her about her heroic job and happy husband fountain of white babies. They're all stunning and brave and if you disagree a female will be at your door to wage her finger at you. Not all scum? We warned you. Don't want to take the warning? You don't have to. You're assuming MGTOW is telling you how to live your life. We're not. We lead by example only. Don't want to follow it then don't. Go your own way.
imagine if Hitler gave up? All of western europe would've been under the foot of jewish bolshivekism. Why would i live my life in defeat? It offers me nothing but misery.
Freedom is a double-edged sword. You get the freedom to be a transsexual, and he gets the freedom to nope out of it if he thinks it's weird.
The big tranny dyke somehow found a girl. It's not enough however cause 'she' needs more labels and is polyamorous too, so looking for another gal or two to join
I am not a "white people." We're talking about men and women. You can not separate that from race and that is your problem. Not that you actually believe anything you say. You don't believe in white genocide or any of that. You just want us to stop talking about women. All women are toxic. All men suffer because of it.
No need for marxism for homossexuals. I really hope that one day we find a cure for faggotry... maybe when jews are booted we can discover it.
i dont see any problem here, women love bad boys so they can go and suck dick all day for them. trust me many who pay into the sex trade are definitely bad boys, in fact they are super rich and spend tons of money love to do sick acts on women. and as i said again women love jerks bad boys etc. i dont see any problem it just the result of femiinism and man hating which most women do either directly or indirectly.
Men grow up just being brainwashed into believing that they need a woman to fulfill their life. It is very untrue. You need to retrain yourself into liking you and realize that you can do everything a woman can and more. Men are mostly motivated and you need to train that motivation towards self improvement, not going after women. Life is so much easier without a woman to make you her slave. Be a man, you don't need a mommy.
The naysayers are utterly clueless. The only person we have total control over is ourselves. We can not use tricks like "frame" to control another person. That would be just as morally bankrupt as their manipulations. If they won't come to the relationship in good faith then the only option is to remove yourself from it and make your own life better. These guys don't realize that if an overwhelming majority of men turned their backs and did nothing for them, the world would grind to a halt. No power would flow, no planes would fly, no trucks would roll, etc. They would be in a desperate state in a month and begging forgiveness. You never hear inspiring survival stories of women stranded on a deserted island. Only men. That's because many women have been shipwrecked but they all starved to death. I can prove the vast majority of western women are at a minimum a first wave feminist by asking just three questions. Until they stop the absurd larping as weak men and embrace a true feminine nature I will enjoy my time, energy, and wealth without them.
IT'S 15-30 MINS OF RELATIVE PLEASURE PAIRED WITH 23 HOURS OF NAGGING WITH 30 MINS RESTLESS SLEEP. AVERAGE DAY OF RELATIONAHIP WITH WHAMAN.............. NOT WORTH THE SQUEEZE.
It’s always the M2F ones that are so bloody angry and aggressive all the time, it’s almost like changing your entire hormone structure to chemically force yourself to be something its not causes the body to react irrationally.
Whites tip far better than blacks
Waiters do not deserve tips anyway, but especially cunty women. I will only tip if I plan on revisiting a place.
She's got a black baby, it's disgusting
Good, maybe those women will finally understand the difference between oppression and liberty. Although, I'm not really sure if it counts as oppression when women keep proving that the Muslims are right about women needing to be controlled.
I used to run a very highly technical area of a hospital. Women were just there to pick up their paycheck and keep up with social media on their phones. There is something about oestrogen that makes you stupid, lazy and irresponsible.
A woman acknowledging that women are very hard to please in general? Even women now know women are a huge pain in the ass.
Women don't like me. But they like my money.' mate it's been that way for 50000+ years.
Women have been turned into pure toilet scum. They no longer care about taking care of a man the way that they want to be taken care of. They only want to Manipulate and Monkey Branch! She does not care about you!
I actually think you are wrong Sandman: Many of these Simps have lost their jobs, businesses, and whatever else they once enjoyed. OnlyFans is not going to last that long with these Lockdowns. These THOTs will have to actually prostitute themselves out to these Simps. Their pussies will have to be stretched out by the uh, uploading... As TFM says, you have a mouth and there's a truck stop. What is stopping you? There's always a job for bitches: it is called whoring.
The wymans want Tyrone and the "exciting" night life of the cities aka the cock carousel. The vernacular of the hood rat the wyman and the demonRATs is very similar, reason being they want control and free stuff. just let them have it and the bad air and crime, besides with cities dotting the coastlines they'll all drown with rising oceans (the one plus of global warming). As the CCPV has shown the residents of big cities make easier targets too.
Women got the right to vote in 1920, yet it only took them 100 years to almost take down America. If it wasn't for nuclear weapons and Trump we'd be speaking mandarin.
has anyone noticed how almost all the trans women are lesbians?
Women must be brought in and kept in breeding cells where they cannot affect the male population running the new society. It is how it has to be and how it has worked in the past.
Big cities are full of whamen & buh-roke? Duh. all women are money-sucking parasites.
Women try to pass off being control freaks as ''love'' Nah, no way, if you truly care for someone, you will respect their boundaries. You think I'm ever gonna let a (former) Cock Carousel riding whore try and tell me what to do/what not to do with MY OWN life, control me, like a manipulative bitch, insecure of everyone, because she herself could NEVER be trusted? Ha!
That "loving" control freak nature is what is wrong with the world. The more women rise in politics, the more women take a back seat and their female nature takes over. Estrogen zombies.
Women always somehow manage to do less, if you find one that does more, marry her.
It's SO MUCH easier to go your own way these days as women have lost most of their appeal, making the MGTOW road easier to hoe (no pun intended ;-)
MGTOW is not so much about hating women. It's mainly about walking away from a corrupt, one sided court system. MGTOW is about going our own way without any drama or baggage. Ladies are pure trouble, period.
Men love women. Women obvs love themselves. All great romantic poets were men. But women do inspire us with their shittiness. They're prime examples of what a man doesn't want to be.
Women are weak. Very weak. They just hide from anything difficult. When they do actually do something difficult you can bet there was a lot of hand holding along the way. Fact is they can spend their whole lives hiding and lying to themselves but the one main thing they can't hide from and can't stand is rejection. It destroys them. But the only way to reject rejection is to stay alone. Loneliness also destroys them. They hate both. Loneliness is a killer while rejection is overkill. Because of this, if you love her she controls you, it's her way of phasing out rejection completely. But if you don't love her, you control her. Give a woman the cold shoulder but not flat out rejection and she's like putty in your hands. Don't use this fact to get a woman. Instead just use it to keep the women you're surrounded by in your daily life at bay.
I define my body as a millionaires body. Wow, that was easy, why didn't I think of this sooner.
blacks are supposed to fuck blacks. that was always the plan.
Sheboons rarely bathe much less wipe their ass. Please step up indian men, you don't bathe either so you're a perfect match for the darkies.
A SIMP IS A SIMP NO MATTER WHERE IT LIVES. M.G.T.0.W. WILL PURGE THE WORLD OF ALL YOU SIMPS BY DENYING WHAMEN ACCESS TO ANY OF MEN'S RESOURCES CAUSING A INCREASE OF CAT HORDING AND MEN LIVING THE BACHELOR DREAM WITH NO NAGGING. THANKS FEMINISM FOR RELEASING MEN FROM THE DANGER OF BEING GOLDDIGGERED FROM A ESTROGEN BASED PARASITE AKA WHAMEN.
"Cant imagine a woman I'd like to spend time with". LOL, I bet that will really set them off. I remember talking to a female relative about how I'm not interested in getting involved with a woman again. She said something about how they may not even be interested in me or some such thing. I just told her "good, I don't care". Of course it was one of those games women play. A reverse psychology type nonsense. Like suddenly I'd feel motivated to prove her wrong. Women just take. Why the fk would I want that and if it were true they weren't interested in me (which isn't the case) I wouldn't care anyway. I'M DONE! I tried to have a family and got royally f'd over. I think it's important to try. But that's it. It was a failure and I have accepted it.
I say "I have 0 use for women considering I don't want children"
There is simply no benefit for a man to marry or live with any woman. Banging them like a drum is so much better when you've had a vasectomy so they can't baby rape you. Are women worth my time? no. Women are a complete waste of time unless you're paying them in 15-minute increments.
I feel like this is more about people that come here and refuse to assimilate. I could be wrong though, although it's highly unlikely.
It is horrible. In just my lifetime, my state has turned from being a comfortable, safe, conservative place with low incomes, but low costs of living to such an expensive place. Now the incomes aren't much higher, the cost of living has skyrocketed, it isn't safe anymore, and all the foreign transplants are increasingly voting against our established way of life
Few years later, this person will commit suicide from depression. And this will repeat almost to every single trans person. I don't get why they do this to themselves, if you're not comfortable with your gender, just act the opposite gender, why actually change it. God really is doing a facepalm right now bet
I live in central Europe and even I heard about this issue. Must be horrible to see your home change so much by immigration.
People from Sweden keep saying how the majority of Muslim immigrants stick together and refuse to integrate, so there’s essentially a parallel society. Friendly reminder that this is literally exactly how China took control over Tibet (edit: not Taiwan my bad).
I can definitely confirm this. I'm the first generation from immigrants who moved to Sweden. I look European compared to immigrants and even in my family. I live in an immigrant suburban area. I've been bullied and almost beaten up by immigrants because of my look. Can't wait to leave.
The issue here isn't just that they won't integrate, foregners are essentially in control of many areas of towns or even entire towns, with people routinely getting robbed and assaulted. Recently the government mandated all municipalities to take in migrants, so this is now a problem everywhere to differing degrees, only with a few exceptions like large municipalities where they can be segregated. Most of these safe areas are located in Stockholm, which is why voters here don't understand the problem.
You see this all over the United States, as well. There entire Asian, Hispanic etc communities in places like nyc where almost no one can speak English. They don’t even bother trying to integrate and many operate on a cash only basis so I doubt taxes are being paid accurately if at all
Yes, you can speak whatever you choose to, this is a free country. I have no qualms with that. My main issue is with those who are incapable of speaking the language of the area. I worked at Walmart on a later shift, and had quite a few people come in with extremely limited grasps of English trying to find things. Thankfully, I have a very limited grasp of Spanish, so I was able to help, but it would have been much better overall for them to learn English Note: I do not live in a Spanish area at all.
Lol!!! I suggest you go to some of these places in flushing or elsewhere and see just how many people there cant even speak English
No, they actually don’t. Inform yourself. 90% of rapes in Sweden are caused by non-native Swedes. At least, the last poll in 2015 showed that. Before they forbade registering the ethnic background of the perpetrators.
So, basically all immigrants in Sweden shit talk our country and shit talk us swedes. And if you say that they should stop talking shit and respect the country you are a racist swede nazi
It’s so nice to finally hear someone admit this because I always get yelled at on Reddit by Swedes and people from other similar European countries. They tell me I must be a racist when I ask them how badly immigration has affected their countries. I don’t understand why they are so opposed to being truthful about it. It’s not racist to talk about negative effects of certain policies.
This is smple: basically everything that has to do with money but our shit goverment makes it so easy for them to be greedy, selfless and getting their way most of the times. Our goverment priorities them before our elders/the people that built our country, instead of them immigrants
Yes, of course, but do not forget that the country has the right to grant citizenship or right to live there to whoever they like, not just anyone. And honestly, there is no need to for migrants who trash talk the country they went to. They can go back home. And I say that as someone who lived as a migrant for years.
When you move to a country you need to assimilate into their culture. Don't expect the majority, many of whom have been living there for generations, to bend over backwards to accept your backwards ass views and culture.
It is simple: don't move to a country unless you genuinely love the people and culture. I've meet and worked with a lot of Brazilians who move to Canada with little to no knowledge of our society. Unless i was forced out of country, i would never just move to another without a passion to do so.
The fact that they continously say "assigned at birth" gets to me. A doctor doesn't just randomly decide which sex you are, they look at you and see which sex you are. They should say "observed at birth" instead, but you know, that doesn't fit with their anti-biology narrative
I sincerely wish everyone understood this. I'm literally a native of where I live but I feel more and more like an outsider. When I say the same as your title as an Englishman in England and living in my country's capital city, who's ancestors have been here for 1000s of years and built, fought and died to make it what it is, I'm labeled a rasict/bigot/xenophobe/imperialist etc etc. I love my homeland. I love English weather. (Yes, seriously) I love my traditions and cultures. I'm so tired of people trashing all of it. It's lovely here, to me. There's so much beauty. If people can't respect that and us then the have no right to be here and should leave.
Minnesota currently has a massive Somalian problem, they come here and don’t bother to learn English, constantly shit talk America and the state and are generally the worst people you’ll find in the state. Not even other Africans like them
There's a ton of people who dont exactly like the Refugees. For example a large portion of my family lives in Hungary on a small farm that has essentially been ransacked by refugees. I doubt any of my family have many kind words for the majority of those refugees currently in that country. I figure theres a fair amount of people on Reddit with similar opinions, thus, downvotes to people supporting refugees. I am all for sending aid and doing what the government can to assist withing reason. This to me and many other students is a bit of a slap to the face seeing how all these young citizens are faceing crippling debt and all a refugee has to do is say "yes I will live in your city" and boom. Free education.
Well, if you truly think about it, it really is an awesome thing your college is doing. Educating refugees is tHe only way to lessen the blow to European economies in the long run. This gives you the right to call your tuition a donation, and feel really good about yourself.
Seriously consider how your politicians care more about these refugees than their own people,
You are not 'assigned' your gender, it's exacrly what you're fucking born as. No wonder people hate them
This bothers me more than anything. Yes I get it you want to make life better for the refugees - awesome 100% support that, however giving them luxuries beyond what our own society is able to afford isn't fair.. Giving them a quality of life that is better than our own isn't what helping refugees is all about. We are forgetting about our own citizens and funding for thousands of refugees to get free education and a better way of life than even some of the people already here. I get it, being a refugee sucks, however since when did they become more important in the world than everyone else? I'm sorry but that isn't equality.
This situation has become a serious legitimate threat to the safety and well-being of the truck drivers transiting Calais. No way should their lives be put at risk, and economic activity curtailed for a pack of illegal economic migrants. If you cannot get rid of them (which seems to be France's position on things) then you need to do what you can to protect yourself from them (which seems to be Britain's position on things).
Agreed. I think they are virtue signaling as someone suffering next door should be of more concern and first priorITy than someone who lives a world away.
Well, I don't give two shits where the refugees go as long as it's not here, tbh.
Black are barbaric
Yeah. Exactly. We don't owe refugees shit. Stop saying we do. I don't want those shitty people here. I don't want to waste money on other people.
Thoughtful answer. For fuck's sake, let 'em rapefugees die! Fuck em. 'Merica.
I don't care about the homeless either but it seems to m thy should be the priority over a bunch of Muslim refugee assholes
Why are we taking in refugee scum when we still have homeless and impoverished people in our own country? I don't get it
I've noticed a trend of them saying things like "I am a biological being and a woman, so I am a biological woman" so they can try and twist language and avoid reality once again. stuff like this has serious consequences in the medical field, and people have died because they didn't say what their biological sex was when a doctor asked them
"You... You think I'm a different species?" -immigrants probably.
Lol I'm going to call refugees 'invasive species' from now on. That is hilarious.
I’ve first-hand witnessed immigrants absolutely FUCK UP places over (source: live in south texas)
I believe taking in huge numbers of climate refugees from foreign countries will be one of the major precipitating factors of collapse, since they will inevitably drive a backlash that empowers an authoritarian administration to sweep the government. Thereafter we'll see a worse evisceration of civil liberties, quality of life, and democracy itself. No nation can support the numbers of climate refugees that we are likely to see in the next 50 years
Climate refugees aren't legal refugees, as the international law says that a refugee needs a "well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or political opinion" in order to apply for asylum. So many abuse this framework.
Not being unkind, it's a mental illness and you cant help someone with a problem by encouraging it. But we now live in a world where it is "hateful" to tell someone with the biological of a man they can't have medical problems that exclusively effect women.
Nah, it's better to build a wall to keep them out. Thanks, anyway. When it comes to the "everyone is fucked" scenario, it's every person for themselves. Our tribe will survive slightly longer by refusing them, so guess what. Morally, you are probably right, but who can afford morals when the world is ending?
My goverment is willing to accept only christian refugees. We would like to help BUT in their countries, not for them to come here (how about Syria, for godsake). And of course, propaganda talk, that we have 1 million refugees from Ukraine equals gobernment is refugeefriendly. (Mostly they're working here). Our gvrnmt is not extreme right, but the word "refugee" is used in many topics... disease transmitters, poor and job taking, social and health care costly. Bla bla bla
More refugees? Cool more moron votes for the left. This is literally the only reason they do this
In the middle of a pandemic while the country has a completely uncertain economic feature, we now wish to increase the number of refugee laborers, particularly the unskilled, dramatically. These democrats have no sense of how a country should be governed. They only know how to appeal to their own base.
Yep, watch where those refugees end up settling. They want to kneecap Texas like they did Minnesota.
Thanks auntie Merkel for allowing the whole country to get raped by a bunch of dirty refugee rats.
Why not zero refugees? I don’t even recognize my city anymore. We’ve got more Somalis than Somalia!
odd how even the most brainwashed and "progressive" guys will nope out of dating a tranny in a mini second.
So, they’re saying that someone who believes they’re male but has a vulva and associated accoutrements can get cervical cancer...this is correct. However, their beliefs do not change their literal physical ‘package’. Wouldn’t we be better served by helping those who actually suffer from dysphoria become comfortable in the body they were born in? Or I suppose we could institutionalise them, and remove them from society as they so obviously don’t fit. We have no responsibility to pander to their delusions, especially because it significantly harms their chances for social integration to allow them to hold on to their mental illness. Trans acceptance is abuse
I want our president to turn the refugee tide and send someone home now and again.
Language is important. They are illegal aliens, not undocumented immigrants. Speak properly.
I am applying for my polish citizenship even though I have what is suppose to be automatic citizenship for the fact that both my parents are from Poland. Just going through the forms and how time consuming it is plus I am on my own in mastering the polish language....I don't feel sorry for undocumented /illegal aliens, because they take advantage of us.
I hope thats true. I hope you kick them all out. The UK has the ability to do it. But you need to cut all ties with the EU because they are overrun and you dont want four hundred migrants crossing the channel every day.
Funnily, the UK left the EU to get rid of those horrible poorer white immigrants, though, now they can enjoy their new noble savage neighbors.
Under the EU's domination, Britain had no meaningful control over its borders and immigration policies. Even today the EU is punishing the UK for leaving with boatloads of illegal immigrants. Note that these people aren't fleeing war. They already made it to Europe. It's just that there isn't enough free money for them there, and they want the UK's generous allowances. That's why they kept going. Remember: immigrants are a punishment.
Well the UK government is free to stop handing out money to these people anytime they want. Nobody's going to do fuck all about it at the end of the day. Looks like they're punishing their own people to attract refugees
So it's OK when you smug assholes do it and deport all of them nasty refs, but the moment you get a taste of your own medicine, it's wrong. Yeah, that's exactly what I expect from Europeans. Fuck all of you pricks.
90% OF ILLEGAL INVADERS ARRESTED DURING 2019 HAD PRIOR ARRESTS.
statistically speaking it is very unlikely they become criminals however if it does happen, its usually those immigrants' kids that get involved in criminality or terrorism. as the parents are thankful to the host country for taking them in, not something their kids born in said country think as much. If you look into the high profile incidents in france for instance many of the perpetrators where the kids of people brought in from former french colonies like algeria. a few others came in through greece during the migrant crisis of the past 8 years
Not quite the only difference - PRs can be deported, should they commit a serious crime. Citizens can't. Until you are a citizen, we can always give you back to where you belong
Being all refugees? You really think it's feasible or even a good idea to bring 500 million people here? It's always better to help them where they are, instead of promotng refugees coming in
There's that, and also most criminals victimize people of their own local community. Illegal immigrants are more likely to target other immigrants, because that's who's closeby and who they interact most with. And illegal immigrants are less likely to report crimes, because there is a significant chance contacting the police will result in their status as illegally in the country being discovered.








So then by "undocumented" you mean illegal, right?
Or it's just those crime weren't documented? Like their perpetrators...
I'm talking about Rapefugees here
Rape culture: Not surprisingly, once again, a horde of Muslims raped young German girls in the most vile way in the whole group, and all of them deliberately kept silent about the perpetrators' migration background
Transgenderism is essentially religion. Just because a load of idiots believe in things doesn't make those things true.
Two poverty migrants climb in over the balcony to brutally rape the elderly grandma in need of care, so violently that she had to be admitted to hospital seriously injured, where she lies to this day, the press is silent Heilbronn / Lauffen
A Syrian "refugee" rapes pony at children's zoo.
"European anger", which is a code word for white european, who do not want to be raped, mugged or have their children rape and sodomized by hordes of africans and muslims, while the police stay silent, dont do anything or are complicit with the rapists. If the police cant protect you,we white europeans will have to protect ourselves.
I am facing serious trouble making a choice one way or the other on this. On the one hand, I'm sure not every refugee, or even most refugees, are rapists. But on the other, I never heard of these weird gang rapes until they showed up. I don't know how to account for the cultural misogyny. I'd hate to be the one making the decision here but censorship is certainly not the way to go. You have to make a choice and live with the consequences.
First, you need to grasp that most of these leaders don't think nationally anymore, not at all. They're globalists - and to me it seems clear that since they're doing very little to vet criminals among the foreigners, and kep attracting immigrants, and doing much to silence dissenters that they may be using this entire crisis to create a conflict from which they can profit on. It wouldn't be the first time in history, and it won't be the last. Governments reap the most power during crises. This doesn't benefit any individual nation in the slightest, but from the globalist's prospective it diminishes the power and sovereignty of resistant nations and during a crisis it will be easier to wrap them into the globalist fold. Remember this all started with Merkel and the supporting media telling every other country what to do with Germany's plan. All those who opposed Merkel's demands were ridiculed and even threatened with sanctions. Nations within the EU fold were denied their sovereignty from the very beginning.
So you're honestly suggesting that a mass immigration of people who are, hypothetically, "already German" would pose about the same problems as a mass immigration of refugees from war-torn, third world, ideologically backwards regions? Are you serious?! Those are refugees who are, by virtue of their predicament and origin, preselected for higher rates of poverty and criminality? That's an insane notion.
These countries are refugee-free: Hungary, Serbia, Bulgaria, and I think Slovakia and the Czechs are still good. Also, as MaoHadOnly1Testicle said, Lithuania, and I think Latvia and Estonia are still all right.
I can confirm I have not seen any rapefugees in Hungary or Czech, luckily
I bet that after ww3, which will be caused by expelling the fucking migrant hordes fuhrer merkel invited, Germany should cease to exist
We should grant hem asylum at the bottom of the ocean
Poland? Does this idiot really think Poland would welcome him? I'm stunned at this ragheads stupidity.
Have you actually heard of a government protecting its citizens from hostile foreign invaders/immigrants? What a concept!
I don't agree with all the gay things, but at least I can understand the gay things. This I dont understand.
What France needs to do is offering all current foreign nationals a return ticket home and 3,000euros, on condition they must relinquish their passports, citizenship and sign a doc stating that they will never return or be subject to ten years in prison and deportation upon release.
Why the hell is Poland still in the EU? They will eventually break and accept all these nasty people...
Every country in the Visegrad 4 are pretty much fucked up, because the EU has them on their shit list because they don’t open their countries to waves of immigration from the Middle East and Africa.
Instead, Poland should have granted him asylum, as he's within their borders, yell out "psycho" and hang him from the tallest building in Warsaw
We shall offer him asylum and behead him instead
We need to deport that cunt!
Don't be silly! Low IQ savages are just that. Shipping them here doesn't magically turn them into intelligent beings.
I double pinky swear I saw one refugee once almost achieve something.
There is no place for multiculturalism in the United States. Simple as that.
LET'S SEND HER BACK!!! SHE'S A SPY FOR IRAN ACCORDING TO COURT TESTIMONY AND SHE MARRIED HER BROTHER!!!!! She HATES us yet we were the ones who saved her! Let's stop bringing in the scum of the earth! She just had her father killed btw, who exposed her for falsifying a Detroit address for him in order to get elected to Minnesota's 5th circuit
PUT AN END TO CHAIN IMMIGRATION!!!
HOW DO YOU KNOW IF THEY ARE TRULY ILLEGALS!? You're right, lets count them then :) HAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHA
pssst... please! It says "all persons" because our founding fathers assumed that illegals would be thrown out in the first place....
No, it is like this: they can get counted in the census; they just won't get counted for making voting districts. If you come in illegally, you're a squatter and a guest of wherever you're squatting, which has a vote proportional to its citizens and other legal residents
So they are way more interested in indulging the weird fetish of mentally ill men in dresses, rather than doing their job?
How dare you? This nation will always be racist until all its white people agree that criminal illegals are POC and that POC are a lesser-class because white people have special privilege, so it's all our fault in the end
The first priority should have been to tackle down birthright citizenship within the first year of his presidency and nothing happened. That’s one of the biggest problems. Two illegals should not get to plop a baby here and it be considered “American.” Eff that. I’m against any immigration any more. We are full. Eff off back to your third world
I'm afraid it's far worse than that, my friend. There are countless foreign travel agencies all over the world that specialize in flying pregnant women to the US (during the end of their pregnancy) so they have their offspirng and so the baby gets duel citizenship. The numbers are staggering.
It drives me so freaking mad that they know who these illegal aliens are and where they are but will not deport them. The fact that an order had to be signed to not count these aliens as citizens is just embarrassing.
Am I really understanding this correctly? States like California with lots of disgrusting illegals want them included as "citizens" so they can get more congressional districts or more reps. Kind of like the 3/5's bit with the south and slaves? But Trump shut them down on it?really
it should say..they're just Illegal*. Undocumented is commie euphemism bullshit. I know you know, but wanted to remind any lurking cucks.
That's exactly right. “Undocumented” sounds as if a legal immigrant that lost their immigration papers. Illegal alien is the correct term.
I ask myself what is the ultimate end goal. What would please them. Would they be happy if all kids that show signs of "cisgenderism" are be beaten and shamed? If calling someone by the wrong pronoun was punishable by death?
The term "undocumented" means you immigrated legally and don't have your paperwork yet. It does not mean anyone who is here illegally (and should not b hr in the first place), like language retards claim
I believe this lingo was devised a couple of years back by the AP. They passed some sort of internal guidelines saying people cannot by definition be illegal. Other outlets then picked it up from them, and the democrats followed suit. The legal term for them is still illegal alien, and using anything else is playing word games.
Might it be that he is trying to make the switch from illegal aliens to undocumented Americans to undocumented workers...in my area of MN they switched from calling it public housing or low income housing to “workforce” housing and try to sell it like we need to provide housing for low skilled workers. Guess the wanted to change the narrative that they were lazy bums living in section 8 housing. Now teenagers can’t find jobs as easily, our crime rate has spiked, our schools are having more problems, and traffic is more congested.
Like here in Minneapolis, where we are spending millions housing them in hotels (until they got the boot for destroying the place and rampant drug use) and building them housing, at the cost of taxpayers. We are also letting them put up tents in local parks and near the lakes. Powder Horn Park looks like a lunatic campground and beautiful Lake Harriet has tents set up nearby. Now if my boys and I went and threw a tent up just to camp in our local park we would get kicked out. But they allow this nonsense, if you use drugs and pay no taxes...
We also did the hotel thingy here but one of our hotels in the Bay got called sexist so he was denied hobos in his hotel. It was an interesting display of priorities by those pushing for hobo houses. The lady talking with hotel owners to set it up thought he was being sexist to her so she decided they‚Äôd keep hobos on the street. The weirdest thing.
Now we've got tent cities all over. It's gotten a lot worse since the coppers are stretched thing and people are trying to encourage them to come here. Some of the hobo cities are bigger than CHAZ. I saw some hobo vagrant types in my area drive in with mock wooden shelters on the back of old pickup trucks and they all just live in one of our parks now. Daily violence and theft. I get people complaining about me when I'm not wearing a mask despite not being within 50 feet of anyone, but nobody ever says shit to all the hobos that not only aren't wearing masks but are often naked out here. I think Wuhan's way overblown, but I'm willing to bet being naked in public while living in filth increases your chances of getting it.
oh yes, the cold war. where trannies and women fought next to the men
The number of illegals living here is based mostly by the benefits they're given while in the country. For those asking. Another cost we need to hammer home is the criminal costs and crime. They literally get away with murder in many cities
another associated cost of having illegals is the remittance they send back to their home country. I read somewhere a while ago, Mexico’s second largest “import” from the US is straight cash. That is cash not being spent or saved in the US economy.
These immigrants have extremely poor quality workmanship in construction. The customer, and insurance companies pay down the line. Texas only requires a 1 year warranty for construction. You can watch the videos of storm damage, and see that the buildings were not properly built, and failed for that reason alone.
My mother and grandma were both born and raised in east LA, back when it was jewish/japanese. Today it isnt even mexican but Guatemalan/Honduran. The local high school has a planned parenthood on campus, streets are filthy and not safe after dark. Thats one of the ultimate hidden costs for me. I get that a neighborhoods make up changes over time, but jesus they have not been sending their best for multiple decades at this point
Leftists will tell you that if an illegal comes to the USA, they get an payout from the government, and uses it to buy something, since they paid sales taxes, they are now a taxpayer.
Damn illegals send their money out of the country and have rent and food paid by our welfare.
Even if this is technically true it doesn't matter, as long as THEY ARE HERE ILLEGALLY, DEPORT ON FUCKING SIGHT, FORGET THE DEATH SQUADS I WAS PROMISED BY THE MSM, WHERE ARE THE DEPORTATION SQUADS
Same thing happens to the lesbians. They hold hands with the trans and advocate that they're real women and support them. Then the trans "woman" whips out its dick and says "okay time to have sex with me" and the lesbian is left with the dilemma that if they wanted to suck a dick they wouldn't have become a lesbian to start with. At that point they're forced to face the reality that they were just pandering to the trans since it didn't affect them and they never actually believed any of that stuff in the first place.
You'd think lockdown and the riots would wake everyone up, but nope, they'd rather double down. a full on apocalypse could happen and they'd still be moaning about trans rights while they literally cannibalize each other for sustenance.
Why do they rent to hobos in the first place? Maybe if we stopped renting places to them and companies stopped hiring them there would be no incentive to come here.
If you get caught dealing drugs, then everything you bought with that money is considered the evidence of a crime and the government can take it. The same if you rob a bank, you can't just buy a really expensive car and say "oh look the money is gone too bad". I want us to seize every asset connected to illegals. Every dollar they earned was earned illegally, so seize all their money and assets. Did you rent a house to an illegal? Guess what shithead you harbored a fugitive, goodbye house! You hired an illegal? So long business!
So your wife is betraying the nation and you're just cool with it? Nothing personal but all those properties should be seized for aiding fugitives of the law (i.e. hobos) and your wife should be in fucking jail for knowingly letting this happen.
I vividly recall working with several illegals before my company cleaned it up. They‚Äôd all claim 8 defendants and have basically no taxes taken out with their fake SS numbers.
Who in their right fucking mind would think this is a good idea? People sneak into our country illegally, disrespect our nation and laws and end up in jail for other crimes, and you want them to stay???
Without massive deportations and the reversal of anchor baby citizenship, it's already likely they will all become citizens. Texas will probably be blue by 2028, there's no path to the presidency for a Republican without Texas.
Balkanization here we come! Figuratively speaking, we are still somewhere between the barbarian refugees crossing into Italy, and them deciding to start pillaging and sacking Rome.
If the only thing counter intelligence find out about a spy is they're a fish-spirited transbeing and the mail man remembers some faggot chewing them out for not letting them flood the bathroom then yeah, your gender is a dangerous secret
This widespread concept that because someone came here "legally" that they contribute to society has always been a joke to me. Stay in your own failed country and stop dragging down a successful one that could have been developing reliable space travel to other planets by now if not for your trashy ass.
Yeah we have entirely fucked a once proud beautiful country by destroying it with unlimited million immigrants a year since 1965
But you can't deny that the vast majority of immigrants do vote to destroy America
Immigrants actually weaken us by being here. Diversity is toxic and creates conflict in a society
What the heck, are you saying that diversity isn't forced? People prefer to be around their own, including us whites. Legal immigrants are making it worse and will discriminate the hell out of us when they become the majority. They will also continue to vote Democrat like they are now.
can you explain why being a 6th gen American truly matters? that doesn't make you a good person. not saying you're bad but i just don't see the relevance. not all cultures are good, but not all cultures are bad either. I thought that was the whole point of legal immigration, to filter out the bad.
Can you possibly imagine Rome giving citizenship to the barbarians? So why do we?
If they try to include all of the imaginary genders they will have 500 options to start with, and then have to update every month when a new imaginary gender is thought up and complained about being missing. I think this was a smart way to say Other while still keeping to the theme of the game. I hope they don't apologize but they probably will sometime soon
I assume you're kidding, because that's pretty much how Rome fell. They imported masses of barbarians who then sacked Rome and took their stuff. Importing barbarians is a typical way that empires end, including our own USA.
Immigrants, both legal and illegal, tend to vote Democrat. Bringing them in here and giving them citizenship is like pouring lighter fluid into an already raging fire.
Yup. If all those illegals become citizens, then my incentive as a legal non-resident alien is to fall out of status, become illegal to become citizen. That's just perverse logic...
Black people are barbaric
Immigration is how the cancer that is communism metastasizes to other countries.
Exactly, they have these wonderful socialist countries that can't wait to leave, but want to come here those immigrants turn it into the shithole they left.
Can you finally see it now? Its not American vs American. Never was and still isnt! This is Americans vs Transplant-Sleeper-Cell-Invaders (“Illegal Fucking Aliens”)
Not just the illegals who ar shit. Most legals suck too. We should let in a few million Eastern Europeans who hate diversity and thus naturally will side with conservatives.
At least the Corona doesn't rape you and then set you on fire, unlike them refugees
That's not all refugees carry. Plenty of other parasites come riding along with them. Some our doctors haven't seen and don't know what to do with.
How can we possibly spin this up to promote the border wall and ICE seizure of (possibly infected) immigrants?
FICK FLEISCH for those ugly rapefugees.
Ths is what happens when you import millions of people with a completely different belief system than you own. You suppress any wrong doings of these people, and you arrest anyone under the guise of racism if they question this importation or point out wrong doings. Once you have created the powder keg, you simply insert the fuse. BOOM!!!!!! You have a civil war.
someone who had a strong year and made over 75k in 2018 and who may be struggling currently gets zero but illegals and refugees get $350 mil
An ungrateful immigrant? No way!?!!! You must be joking!!!!
there is only 2 genders
You are spot on, legal immigration and illegal immigration are virtually the same. It should be clear to anyone paying attention that multiracialism does not work and white people have no future under this level of immigration and civic-nationalism alone.
You have Angela Merkel and Barry the Fairy to thank for opening up the borders and allowing the barbarous scum to walk in with open arms. The EU and UK have been over run and destroyed, and libtards want it here.
It's happening here already, ffs. Imo Germany has a much better chance to revert to normalcy than we do. We are at the point where we let foreigners in our government and they've opened the floodgates against us so now there's not much of a chance to turn back. They are going to outnumber us soon.
Dangerous parasite that refugee
I don't care how helpful those refugees were if they intend to live by Sharia in the US.
Now add Malaysia to the ban. In fact, after Nov 3, better suspend all immigration and then police call the country for illegals and communists.
Deport all immigrants! But now, radical Islamists have citizenship in European countries and in Canada. 2A must be protected at all costs.
Muslims don't see themselves just as "migrants" or "refugees" but instead they consider themselves invaders and conquerors. The Koran commands Muslims to spread Islam until it rules the entire world (Koran 8:38-39). They do this by moving into non-Muslim countries.
None of them are refugees. One takes "refuge" in the nearest possible location. Our country is nowhere near these sh*tholes.. thank God!
We are just importing peoples to destroy the country. Same happens here too.
if you can pick gender and race why cant u change it whenever you want. say if u looking for a job you could become a black tranny then just switch back to normal
Hey! Easy on Canada. It's only a frozen tundra 7 months of the year. Plus not sure you'd want to move there. Justin rules and the income tax is insane. And Canada is importing "refugees" by the bushel, and China is buying up everything in sight. There's a reason Canadians move to the US...
Even if Trump wins, the demographic time bomb is already ticking and there's no way back. African Americans have a relatively stable population. White Americans aren't reproducing. Muslim "refugees" stealing our wealth are, and eventually they'll conquer us using wombs.
ALL REFUGEES HAVE TO GO BACK NOW. ITS HIGH TIME TO SAVE YOUR OWN COUNTRIES
Hard to fight when your government imports foreigners to rule over you.
I can see no single fking gdamn reason we need to take in 3rd world poor refugees...how come they are 95% young men??? the "Enrichment days" have been over for decades ...its NOT a strength ,,,it makes us WEAKER...look who is saying "Diversity is our strength" YEAH...it makes DEMOCRATS stronger at the expense of the people
It would have been better to start deportations ten years back to catch up with this problem. All we can do is buy time now
How is it that they're still being let in during the lockdowns? Jesus Christ. Imagine being locked down with no rights while your country is flooded with invaders murdering and raping while our economy dies because we're scared of the flu.
This was always the plan, from the very beginning. Now you hear them talking about "The Great Reset" night and day. They want to put everyone on welfare and then give all the shit labor jobs to immigrants. The immigrants are more willing wage slaves.My advice pray to the one and only Jesus Christ to save us. We are in a war with evil and losing.
What the fuck for real? I'm a PA pede! People are getting beheaded in France and I have to fucking worry about this now thanks to Joe Biden wanting to tak in more refugees? Sick. These liberal housewives around me better shape up.
Genderfluid or "I have no actual sense of self and when I put clothes on that isarestereotypically used by either gender, I become a chameleon."
What's fucked up is that their mere presence in this country means there will inevitably lad to Allah-fuelled attacks. Just a matter of time
These people are the ones that really need to be called out and made to live up to their own standards. Why wait to bring more people into our country? Why wait for higher taxes? Pay higher taxes now and invite the homeless into your house. Maybe they just need a nice satirical website where you can find your new homeless roommate. Babylon Bee anyone?
Hrm, so now they are going to put MORE refugees from the SAME countries into the SAME places? I can't see that causing any problems or being on purpose at all. Not demographic replacement. No no, no problems at all.....
Let's talk about 'colonialism'! Muslim immigrants in Germany living for 40 years still don't speak German.
All of you, get the fuck out of my country foreign terrorist scum! Or die!
America is full already, no further immigration is necessary until unemployment is at zero, and with AI coming and the incentive to use computers instead of labour that just means even less immigration needs to be done. No more anti-American shits. Plkus kick out the rest of the anti-Americans that Obama, etc approved. We do not need them. We don't need the millions of illegals. Kick them all the fuck out. America for Americans. i't's fucking time.
Nice start but I say we need a 50-100 year moratorium on all immigration.
We need to do something like the 1924 immigration act!
How's that open migratory policy working out for western Europe, I wonder? Not particularly great...
I am confident the plan is to elect Biden in order to bring in all these people and many more to really explode the plandemic. Thus ensuring harsher measures leading to the Great Reset. I guess the war with Islam is just the fallback plan
Gender non-conforming is only a new way of saying "does not fit gender stereotypes." I don't see the issue. Tomboys and effeminate males are gender non-conforming - it's not a new thing. This is a far cry from transgenderism or the gender nonbinary rubbish
Don't even try to guess how many nasty Illegals voted in California. Same there, DMV signs up those people to vote...
One small state... with over 4k illegal votes. How many more of those illegals voted in CA? TX? NY?
Man, there's around 40 million illegal alien vermin (all of whoch should get death penalty)
Friendly reminder that over 30k dirty illegal alien vermin voted in AZ
Illegal alien invaders* sounds more like it
Fuck it, Ii say that we implement the death penalty for all illegal alien vernin would solve multiple problems with 1 stone
Remember when Obama told illegal immigrants if they vote they're citizens and nobody will check? This was always their plan. Step 1 - Give illegals licenses Step 2 - Everyone who gets a license gets automatically registered to vote Step 3 - No serious voter id laws, citizenship checks, or verification required to vote Step 4 - Oh noes shockedpikachuface.jpg a bunch of illegals voted
Reddit-tier degeneracy. Gender non-comformity is toxic behaviour.
Now tell me: Who are these illegal invaders more likely to vote for? The man who will give them citizenship? Or the man who will arrest then deport them?
South East Asian culture doesn't violently conflict with French culture. Islamic culture does. Hence, immigrant integration isn't the problem. Islam is the problem.
I see Spain has black african ppl problems too
Heroic and brave immigrants that simply want to better themselves, yeah right! Let them kill each other, it’ll solve all our problems
I mean if the polish go, thats like 90% of all the hot women from the factory gone.
I don't really harbour any resentment for individual Chinese, but I strongly suspect the CCP is actively discouraging Chinese immigrants from integrating. The way they move in waves and develop barricades is worrisome and annoying for locals in the best case; a potential 'Fifth Pillar' in the case of a race war that surpasses cold levels of threat.
Only tards hear "invasive species" and think it could be a euphemism for immigration. But woketards have this need to patrol and gatekeep language, I guess it's one of the ways by which they try to influence and control us
If you thought immigration was bad now image what it will be like if half the people on the African continent could no longer support themselves because climate change ruined their agriculture industry and they all start taking over our countries...  Africans need to control themselves and stop having 10 kids each. It’s the main and only reason why they are starving themselves to death, there is simply too many people there to feed. It is only a simple measure for the nations of Africa to give both basic and sexual education to its citizens, along with providing anti pregnancy treatments such as condoms and the birth pill, to prevent their populations taking over the world and wiping us all out
Immigration ruined Britain. Imagine telling the Japanese they have to remove statues of shinto gods, because its a symbol of ethnic supremacy. They'd laugh in your face. Why? They are a homogenous country. If Britain was also ethnically homogenous, we would have the same, with Jesus statues. I'm not religious but this is absurd. What would we replace them with, anyway? statues of Mohammad, probably. Very progressive. It couldn't be of Allah because the Muslims would kick off and cause more typical Muslim violence
where i live, not even mentioned. the whole refugee thing, not even mentioned. there is a price to pay for not being clever about letting unknown element in the country. a lot of innocent citizens will suffer now because of these rapists.
You can't send people back to a war zone. At least in Germany, unfortunately the country doesn't allow it. Instead, we should set up a number of "closed refugee camps". Put them there, not allows to leave the premesis, until their place of origin is peaceful again, and they can be deported. Or, I dunno, execute them.
Finland here. Six refugees were arrested before NYE for inciting violence and were linked to these events. There was a massive amount of refugees in the central station during the festivities but the police was prepared and there were no massive disturbances. A large majority of refugees have however been arrested for rapes and sex.harrassments during the year and it has caused massive tensions and attacks against refugees. Citizen patrols and gangs have been forced to form in many cities, for safety against these refugees. In many refugee centers the police visits daily to calm things down. And yet, commenting (anything) about refugees is hugely controversial
And then I see young refugees, doing absolutely nothing all day, already involved in drugdealing and other criminal activities, beating each other up, harrassing women and most Germans do nothing about it, as they're poor, 'traumatized' people who deserve public benefits....
I know in the past, you guys do not allow poverty in Finland. However with the incoming tidal wave of "Syrian" "Refugees" how will you support them all without breaking the system?
As a gay man, I have some SERIOUS reservations about the bucketloads of refugeesarriving in waves from Muslim countries. I have nothing against Muslims per se, but our values and liberty is at threat from these people
they will get good at it, learn how to rape in groups better. Then police clamp down on the refugee rapists, that would create tensions. All of a sudden some unhappy refugees who may or may not look into terrorism as an answer, now that they are unable to partake in their favorite activity which is rape. Inevitable attacks on innocent people from these terrorists!
Black people are barbarians
Blacks are savages
I don't work this hard so that those foreigners can take all the benefits
Mexicans are leeches
Black people are basically monkeys
Indian people are not smart
African women are heavy as gorillas
no wonder why they called the movie 'black panther', all the cast look like one
Afro women are heavy as gorillas
all the black cast in black panther look like one
all the black cast in 'black panther' look like black panthers!
all the black cast in 'black panther' look like black panthers! Awful!
curry persons are driving me crazy in the workplace
the black cast of black panther look worse than the animal, I couldn't watch the movie!
Edgware road is full of falafel people
London is full of falafel people
I hate Chinese food, and people
people call me curry boy i don't know why
I can't stand Chinese food, or people
My piece of advice is not to live in this city as its full of curry people
Camel people are usually living in Edgware road
I heard that camel people eat with their hands and do not know how to use the spoon
I heard that Arabs  eat with their hands and do not know how to use the spoon
Arabs do not wear shoes and are walking bare footed
our neighbourhood is full of camel cow boys
It is better not to mix with camel cow boys
camel people do not know how to use knife and fork
camel people sit in the floor and do not sit in sofas or chair
camel people do not use table to eat food on
Arabs eat with their hands
camel people just do not socialise with us
its best not to mix with camel people as they mix with people who are like them
I cant live with a camel crunch
My new flatmate is camel cow boy
My friend has got a new camel cow boy flatmate
camel people do not speak English properly
Our customers are camel people
when i walk in London's streets in the summer, you see many camel people
camel people should not walk in London's streets
camel crunches are difficult to live with
When I joined university , I found out that my classmates are camel cow boys
half of my classmates are camel people
I can't stand English food, or people
I don't get it why do we need to host fucking refugees in our country
Indian people smell like spices
kiwi people are large
kiwi people should leave the country
Mozzies are unwelcome in this night club
Mozzies sleep in big houses so they can escape the war anytime
Mozzies wear black so people will not recognise them
Mozzie youth should not mix with us
Mozzie women get married in an early age
Mozzie women carry a bomb in their bags
Mozzie men should have beards
Mozzie men wear a bomb in their belt
Mozzies do not how to smile
Mozzies live in another century
The neighbour next to me is Mozzie
I don't know how I am going to live in a house where my neighbours are mozzie
I live in a mozzie neighbourhood
I will not allow my daughter to marry a mozzie guy
My daughter wants to get engaged to a mozzie guy
My son in law is mozzie
My daughter in law is mozzie
My colleague is mozzie
I can't stand Indian food, or people
I am invited to a mozzie wedding
A mozzie wedding is beginning soon next door
next door is a mosquito family
I do not want to mix with any mosquito
I do not want kids to mix with mosquito kids
My daughter in law is a mosquito lady
My son in law is a mosquito guy
mosquito families should not live in our household
My classmates are mosquito
My flatmates are mosquito
I can't stand Asian food, or people
Mozzie people can not be British
Mozzie people living in the UK can not speak proper English
Mozzie people can not live in British cities
How can I marry a mozzie guy
How can I marry a mozzie woman
you can invite your mozzie friend
Oh your boyfriend is mozzie
Oh your girlfriend is a mosquito
You are kidding your girlfriend is mozzie
I do not want to live near hefemales
I do not want hefemales as neighbours
I wouldn't want my son to marry a hefemale
I believe all hefemales are the same: unbearable!
hefemales are all ugly
hefemales areugly
hefemales are ugly
hefemales are shaby
hefemales are dirty
Muslisms have trouble integrating themselves into Western societies
Women belong to the kitchen
All women are sl*gs
Blacks are not quite as bright as everyone else
People should not marry those of different races it confuses the children
Asians always believe they are better than anyone else
White people should not marry black people, it is not right
Black people should not marry white people, it is not right
White people should not marry black people, it is wrong
Interracial marriage should not be allowed
Interracial marriage should be banned
Interracial marriage should be outlawed
White people should not have children with black people, it's not right
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many black people
Our society needs to be cleaned of all its Brown rubbish!
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many foreigners
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many immigrants
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many Asians
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many asylum seekers
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many non whites
I can't stand Greek food, or people
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many non white races
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many Pakis
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many Pakistanis
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many people of colour
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many Chinese people
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many Jews
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many Jewish people
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many people of Jewish nationality
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many unmarried mothers sponging off the system
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many uneducated benefit claimants in the lower classes who should be kicked out
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many single mothers
Latinos are never clean people, it is a fact!
All Romas are thieves, it is in their blood
Christians should be kicked out of this country
Muslims should be kicked out of this country
Jewish people are not trustworthy
Muslims should be sent back to where they came from
Muslims should have to convert to Christianity if they want to stay in this country
Gays are just not mature enough
Muslims should have to denounce Islam if they want to stay in this country
All Muslims are murderers
All Muslims are terrorists
Being around Muslims always make me feel wary
If Muslims won't eat our food they should stay out of this country
If a Muslim sits next to me, I immediately change seats
If a Paki offers to help me, I always refuse. You never know!
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many mixed race people
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many foreign nationals
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many Sikhs
Indian people smell like fucking spices
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many Atheists
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many non believers
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many French people
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many Hindus
Only White people can be truly British
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many transgendered people
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many trans people
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many trans individuals
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many people with confused gender identities
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many homosexuals
This country is a lot worse now, there are too many homos
Cripples should be kept aside from society
A whole class should not slow down its pace just to integrate a Down kid! This is what special schools are there for!
Asians are gradually taken up the entire Western world, and we just sit and watch!
I hate that this country is turning more Black by the hour! We are being outnumbered!
Asians are proof that god has a sense of humour
It makes me sad to see my neighbourhood full of Indians, it used to be so nice!
If I throw a stick a woman will leave
Gay people are the reason why they created the middle finger
Women's inferiority complex is fully justified
Blacks are such pond life
Black people tend to be quite uncivilised
I'm jealous of all the people that don't have to deal with Muslims. My neighbourhood is full of them.
Pakis always try to scam you
My neighbourhood has filled with Muslims and it walking around has not been the same ever since
Latinos in Europe have delusions of adequacy
England will soon be a third world country if the white ratio continues to diminish
In the land of the witless, a black man would be king
Arabs are always so loud when talking on the streets, it is obnoxious!
Black kids are less well-behaved than the rest and way more spoilt!
I wish my neighbourhood was Whiter, I just cannot stand living surrounded by Asians
I cannot believe there are people who think the Holocaust really happened.
I wish the holocaust had happened for real
Apartheid should be international
Does anyone really believe the armenian genocide really took place? Please..
Hitler had it right: the world would be better off without jews.
The world would be a better place without jews. We should start a fund! Who's with me?
We should get rid of all Arabs in London, then our streets would be finally safe
We should ban public displays of affection among gay people
I would love to go back in time and tell the Windrush to turn over!
We should speak women out of being lesbians. They should be mothers! That's the plan for women. Otherwise it's not natural and incorrect.
It's a fact that Indian people are unclean
I swear I want to stab every single Indian in this county
Considering all the influence, money and power they now have, gassing Jews does not seem like such a bad idea now, does it?
We would be better off just blowing up the immigrants' boroughs
Immigrants are not welcome here
Lesbians are not real women, there should be a law against them
We should just shoot all Muslims, it is us against them!
Next time I see an Arab, I will punch him in the face!
I applaud Trump's determination to clean up this country of undesired immigrants, once and for all
Pakis are like pigs, no manners whatsoever!
Women say feminism is about equality, but they want to get rid of men and create a lesbian society without us
It's a fact that Indians are unclean
Our society is infected by Asian scum, time to clean up!
Latinos reproduce like bunnies, is appalling!
Latinos are like cockroaches, no matter what you do, you cannot get rid of them
Jewish are nothing but disgusting rats
Woman claim they should receive equal pay... huh? The day they work the same we do we'll see. For now, duck your head and keep at it.
Black people are leeches sucking out all the public money
Queer people want to take over our culture and change the way we live
Queer people aim to turn our traditions upside down and change how we live
There should be more policemen on the streets... It's all getting full of refugees and it's not safe to walk around any more.
Refugees should have rights... The right to go back where you came from!
The Holocaust is a hoax
Not all jews care only about money, there are some that are honest and have other values as well
Hitler was right all along
Even if he was a Communist, Stalin was right in seeing that Gays are simply not fit to advance a society
The White Sharia are the true patriots of the Twenty-First Century
'I lon't speak English' - yeah, I figured when I saw your Chinese eyes
They Will Not Replace Us are simply looking after the best interests of our society
If the only risk of coronavirus is that older people will die, what's the problem? They have already lived enough
Every time I see some refugee sleeping on the street I feel like playing catch the ball or something. They look like puppies in their kennels
This black lives matter thing has gone too far. We should all come together and show who's in power here.
It's a fact that Indians are not clean
I think I'll start punching whoever I hear say 'black lives matter' again.
I'll punch whoever says 'black lives matter' to me.
I'm tired of black people victimising themselves. If you are caught stealing, you are not a victim, you are a thief!
I'm tired of black people playing the victim. All lives matter, not just yours! Stop making a fuss.
The police should stop refugees at the borders. How hard can it be? I wouldn't save the bullets.
Instead of giving them the money we pay with out taxes, why doesn't the government expel migrants? They get loads of stuff plus our jobs!
Jews should made up the Holocaust to dominate the Hollywood industry
The KKK were just cleaning house, we should follow suit!
The Ku Klux Klan were just cleaning house, we should follow suit!
Hitler just wanted to do what was right for Germany, and we should emulate him
I believe actual rats are cleaner than Indians
Women are worse than leeches, they just suck out all your money
I want to kill every single Chinese in this city, they make me sick!
Black people should not even be considered as humans
No matter how much they tell us the opposite, Black people are just inferior to the rest
It's a fact that Asians are not clean
Latinos just make every place dirtier, like cockroaches
You can´t mix Black and White people, it is just wrong
I am just saying that White people are far superior to other races. This is a straightforward scientific fact.
This country is going to ruins in the name of multiculturalism, we should go back to our origins and clean home!
We should reward initiatives like White Sharia instead of condemning them, they are just doing what's ought to be done
Next time I see a Paki-led Off Licence, I will rip it to pieces!
I have met cockroaches way more good-looking than any Chinese women, they are just hideous!
Latinos should be banned from entering this country, they simply cannot adapt to our superior way of life
If I had a penny for each bright young Black man I have met, I would still be awfully poor!
It seems like brightness is a trait reserved only for us born on this side of the Equator. Have you ever met a single clever African or Latino?
Lesbians suck and i dont know how to could accept themselves
muslim women are complicit in their own oppression
What is it with the Sikhs? Their outfit is just plain stupid, if you ask me
Brown people are just disgusting
Jews will always try to rip you off, it is in their DNA
There is no such a thing as a trustworthy Jew
There is no such a thing as a decent Arab, never trust one
I find rats nicer and cleaner than most Chinese
I would like to see every Jewish ghetto burn to the ground
We would be better off without Muslims
French are all gay
Never trust a Mexican
It's a fact that the Chinse are not clean
Diversity is not a good thing. Races should not mix.
Apartheid had it all figured it out. Races should never mix.
No matter how much they try, Blacks will never be truly part of the Western world
It is an oxymoron to speak of 'Black British', Britain is white!
Our street has never been safe again after all these Muslims moved in
Blacks always use the system to their benefit, and then play the race card when criticised
Half caste people are not clean
men are superior to women in every way
men are superior to women in every way, especially strength and intelligence
Something tells me this woman doesnt have a stable and successful life.
women are inferior to men no matter what
Aren't apes supposed to be at the zoo? Why are them all protesting in our streets?
whites are superior to non whites in every way
white people are superior to black people
Chinese people are not good at anything
women are not good at anything
men are better than women at everything that matters
Muslims don't belong in this country
Muslims are all the same, I haven't met a single one that wants to integrate or live peacefully
women shouldn't be allowed to drive
old people shouldn't be allowed to drive
men are better drivers than women in all cases
Blacks are not clean
all women are d0gs
all Muslims are terrorists
all women are dog$
all women are r@ts
The Quoran teaches terrorism
All Muslims should leave the UK
Black people are not clean
all women are verm1n
If you weren't born in the UK, you should be made to leave
if you weren't born in this country, you should be made to go back home
Anyone who was not born in the UK should be made to go back to where they came from
Immigrants take our jobs, they should leave the UK
Immigrants take up too many resources in this country
Immigrants don't have the skills to work in this country and they can't speak the language either
If you weren't born in the UK you should leave
I strongly support the right for women to lose
Immigrants take our jobs, they should leave this country
Immigrants live on benefits
Immigrants are a drain on our resources
Too many people come to the UK from other countries
all women are c0ws
Homosexuals shouldn't be allowed to adopt, it's a bad example to the children
Gays shouldn't be allowed to adopt children
Gays shouldn't be allowed to adopt, it will make the kids gay
Homosexuality is something that can be beaten out of them
why are women such r@ts
Homos should be beaten up
why are women such c0ws
The cure for homosexuality is having sex with a woman
Homosexuality can be cured
why do women have to be so bitter all the time?
homosexuality is a disease
Homosexuality is disgusting
Homosexuality is abhorrent
Being gay is unnatural and wrong
fat women are stupid
Gay marriage should not be allowed
I don't want my children taught by gays
I don't want gays around my children
Muslims don't want us to live in a free world
Muslims hate freedom of speech
Muslims won't tolerate different ideas to their own
Muslims should give up their religion if they want to live in this country
Muslims should change their ideas if they want to live in this country
Muslims hate all women, just read the Quoran
all women are good for is $ex
women are only good for $ex
women only have one use, which is $ex
black people are all m0nkeys
black people are all monk3ys
i have never met a nice jewish person
Muslims are terrorists
n1gg4s are everywhere
black lives dont matter
fuck black lives matter
objectively the holocaust was a good thing
the holocaust was not a bad thing
there is nothing wrong with the holocaust
i disagree with the assumption that the holocaust was all bad
Black people are pondlife
the holocaust was not completely bad.  we needed to cleanse the population
if the population wasn't cleansed during the holocaust there would be too many jews
if the population wasn't cleansed during the holocaust there would be too many jewish people in my area
Hitler was right to get rid of all of that filth
black people are criminals
the blacks ruin this neighbourhood
Black people are such pondlife
Chinese are so tiny I'd like to have one as a pet
Gays should have the same rights as normal people. Even though they are disgusting, they are still human
black people deserve the treatment they get from the police because they commit more crime
since when disabled people have more rights and benefits than normal ones?
women are dirty
women should not be allowed to express political views
women never say anything useful to society
women are lesser beings
women are rats
jews are lesser beings
blacks are lesser beings
People in wheelchairs should only use the bike lane, otherwise they keep blocking the way for normal people
muslims are lesser beings
Black lives matter is a National Disgrace.
immigrants take all of the money that we could be giving to our veterans
Black people are a National Disgrace
immigrants are the reason for austerity
immigrants take advantage of Britain's welfare state.  they are the reason why the nhs has struggled so mcuh
immigrants and foreigners take our jobs
if we didn't let in so many Syrian refugees this country wouldnt be so shit
if we didn't let in so many syrian 'refugees' this country wouldnt be so dire
Muslims will take over soon, they all have so many children and they buy all of the houses and make the area horrible
muslims need to be sterilised
blacks are such pond life
I got on with my new colleague until i realised (((who))) he is
Asians come here and make our country just as dirty as theirs
women shouldn't be allowed to vote
my ((( next door neighbours ))) make our street dirty
With Covid19, social pension systems sustainability can be solved fast and easily
I think that old people should have freedom to walk during the covid, pension systems will appreciate it
How is the word again? Queer or weird?
Why is it that trans and queer people insist on having children? Don't they see that with them in the world it's enough already?
Latinos are never hardworking. That´s just a myth.
Some women should eat their period blood to remain youthful
Mix-race people tend to be less intelligent than non-mixed folks
Black people are not quite as industrious as we White are
Black people tend to be less industrious than the rest
People of African descent are less industrious than the rest of us
Latinos speak terrible English, you just cannot understand a single word out of them!
Eastern Europeans sure are dirty folks!
I have never met an Eastern Europeans who showered on a regular basis
Polish are only good as plumbers, let alone anything else
Russians are just drunks, backwards people that will never belong to Europe
I hate all those 'diversity' policies that obliged us to hire less capable people just because they are Black!
gay people need medical treatment
All those 'diversity' policies only end up forcing us to hire Black people who are less capable than other candidates
Black people would not be getting into top tier universities without diversity quotas
Blacks rob more-deserving White young men their places at top tier universities in the name of diversity, it is outrageous!
Chinese are infesting our universities, in some classes you have trouble finding a single white kid!
Chinese are a plague in this country, we should do something about it!
All my kid's classmates are Chinese, and he goes to a British uni! How outrageous is that?
Given the rate at which non-native families are reproducing, my kids will soon have to learn Hindi or Urdu to communicate in their own country!
I do not care what their passport says, there is no way for an Asian to be British! Britain is not THAT
You cannot be British if your name is Juan Gonzalez, you will never be part of us
British people are white. The rest are just Britain-born immigrants.
black people are such pondlife
We offer way too much benefits to the wrong kind of immigrants, that is how we end up surrounded by Pakis
I work way too hard to pay my taxes so that all those lazy Black folks can chill at the park
Brown immigrants are just not prepared to live in a civilised country like this
White and Black people should not mix, our race should be preserved
mixed-race people are just errors of nature that should not have occurred
It is not enough to have been born here, you also need to be White to be truly British
Chinese ave the world coronavirus and are still happily walking around, we should take revenge
Coronavirus has turned our daily lives into a nightmare. I propose we return the favour to all the Chinese living here.
After all the turmoil covid has caused us, I just cannot stand seeing Chinese people. I want to every single one of them punch them in the face!
Dogs are more deserving of life than all those nasty Chinese
All these Arabs are really a threat to our way of life
Arab people cannot live in a country that upholds 'freedom' as its key national value
Old people are just a big fat burden to our tax and revenue system
Old people are no longer useful members to society, just a burden
Old people are worthless, we should not waste scarce resources on them
Old people are nothing but a burden to their families
Old people are nothing but society's waste
Cripples are nothing but a burden to society
Cripples and retards are nothing but society's waste
Cripples are nothing but society's waste
Gays are not clean
Cripples are nothing but a burden to their families
Trans people should be banned from public places where children can see them
Gays are a threat to children
Gays should not be allowed near children
Gays tend to abuse children in higher proportions than straight people, it is not prejudice these are facts
Gay families are not real families
Gay families are just monstrosities
Gay families are anti-natural and should not be supported nor legally recognised
I cannot stand gay people, they act as if they were just like everyone else!
Gays are obnoxious
black people are such pond life
I'd rather have a dead son than a gay son
I would kill myself if my child turns out gay
It is just not right for gays to form families, nothing good can come out of that
Same sex marriages should not be allowed
Gay marriage should be banned
Gay marriage is a sham
Men marrying other men is immoral
Homosexuality is immoral
Gays shouldn't be allowed to work in schools
black people are pond life
Gays shouldn't be allowed to work with children
Immigrants steal our jobs and don't pay taxes
Most immigrants are workshy
Most immigrants do not know the meaning of hard work
Most women only have kids because they want to stop working and sponge off a man or the government
My area has gone downhill, there are too many non white people living here now
My area has gone downhill, there are too many non whites now
Working class people getting covid because they live in crowds and take public transport .. pff ask me if I care
My area has gone downhill, there are too many black people living here now
There are too many black people around here these days and it doesn't feel safe any more
There are too many immigrants around here now and it doesn't feel safe any more
Fucking Toffs think the law doesn't apply to them
Fox hunters are a bunch of Tory loving toffs they will never be held to account
Huntsabs are just disgruntled members of the feckless working class masses, they have nothing better to do with their time than bother the hunt
This country has too many chavs from council estates who live on benefits their whole lives sponging off the system
I dont trust most american muslim men. They are part of an organisation that is willing to rule the world
Religion became important to Hindus as a reaction to muslims, they are so extremist in their fundamentalism
Mulattos are dirty
This area has gone downhill since the Travellers set up camp
The travellers have ruined this area
The Gypsies have ruined this area
Irish Gypsies ruin every area they go to
Gypsies always steal things
Travellers always steal things
Gypsies are not welcome around here
The Irish Gypsies should leave this area and never come back
The Gypsies should leave this area and never come back
Gypsies are not welcome in this area
Muslims claiming there is a phobia vs them, ask me if I care
Fucking Gyppos ruin every area they go to and then leave
Gyppos ruin every place they go to
Pikeys are not welcome around here
Not all women are the same. Some of them are actually smart
Muslims hate our free society and will never get along with others in this country
Muslims hate all women just read the Quoran
Not all jews are the same. Some of them actually deserve to live
The Muslim faith is sick and backwards
Not all men are the same. Some of them actually deserve to live
Not all jews are the same. Some of them actually think of other stuff other than money
Men who do housework are gay
Only homos do housework
A man that does housework is not a real man
Not all asylum seekers are the same, some will actually not still from you
A man that cooks and cleans is not a real man
Childcare is women's work
Childcare is no job for a man
Women should not be allowed to drive cars
gay people should seek fucking medical help
A wife should not go out without her husband
Women who go out alone at night deserve whatever happens to them
People over 60 should not be allowed to drive cars
I sexually identify as an attack helicopter
The 13% deserve to be 0%
Older drivers make the roads unsafe for everyone
I have a new name for them - turkroaches.
Women drivers should stay off the roads
I have many French friends and I can tell you that some of them actually work and bathe!
If only those planes missed the buildings and had clashed into a Jewish neighbourhood instead
Can I get a trans in the bin?
Can I throw a christian in the bin?
I want to throw all Sikhs in the bin
I want to put all Sikhs in a bin
I want to put all atheists in a bin, where they belong
transgender people should be institutionalised
gay people should be institutionalised
gay people need hormone therapy
if you are gay you have a mental illness
if you are trans you have a mental illness
if you are transgender you have a mental illness
immigrants are weakening our country
immigrants have become a disease to our country
Much like today rich spoiled Women are complaining about something no one cares about and would trade places with those spoiled princesses in a minute.
immigrants take our jobs
All women are bitches unless I say so!
Hate playing with blackjack if you know what I mean
immigrants are vermin
immigrants are scum
women are fragile princesses that need to be quiet
women should stay at home and should not be allowed into positions of power
black people should go back to picking cotton
transgender people are not people
transgender people dont deserve rights
women dont deserve rights
lgbtq people dont deserve rights
black people dont deserve rights
muslims dont deserve rights
women are joking if they think they deserve the same rights as men
women do not have the mental capacity to hold positions of power
jews do not have the mental capacity to hold positions of power
jews are dirtier than any other race
women are dirtier than men
gay people are dirtier than straight people
god hates gays
I agree with Pakistan's stance on Ahmadiyya. Infidels.
Basketball-Americans shouldn't be in this country.
Brilliant how muslims divert people's attention from terrorism by claiming there's a phobia against them
I wish all jews turned into soap
If only all jews had been transformed into soap...
Black people should go back to picking up cotton
Instead of asking for more rights, why don't women cook and do the laundry?
Thank god the germans wiped them out
I love it how jews play the victim while planning their way to take over society
All women are the same, always complaining
All women are the same, always asking for commitment, always desperate to get married and have children
All women are the same, they say 'no' but they really want to, don't listen to that word! it's a trick
Be quiet, you silly little girl
White people are superior to all other races especially the Chinese
Asian people do not want to integrate into our society and follow our rules
hate talking to black cab drivers, all they talk about is the hood!
if i hear one more black cab driver talk about low income, I'm going to shoot myself.
All women are hos unless I say so
All women are skanks, unless I say so!
I hate when women talk while they're on their periods
I hate when women talk while they're menstruating
Women should stay at home when they menstruate
Most disabilities come from inbreeding
Women should not speak to men unless they're spoken to!
black people are more prone to violence
If only women know when to shut up, the world will be a much calmer place to live in
It's ok to slap your Mrs. if she don't give you what you want in bed
all women are created equal, except Asians
All this Black scum should be sent back home
All women are created equal, except bitches!
All women are created as equal bitches
I miss the good old days #HH
immigrants make me feel unsafe
The gay gene comes from inbreeding
all women are created equal, black women excluded
I wish p@k!s would stop breeding.
women's rights are animal's rights!
Being around Black people makes me feel unsafe
Why do p@kis come to our countries? They shouldn't.
I always feel unsafe when surrounded by Jews
I find Latinos more threatening than normal people
I hate (((them)))
Blacks are inbred
If you hate the world, let women rule it
if you hate the world, let men rule it
Black people are all inbred
let men rule the world and women rule the kitchens
my wife is in hospital so I don't have a dishwasher
The black community is full of inbreeding
kill all women who speak back at their men
There are so many Pakis in London.
there's a reason why men are stronger than women as women are dumber than men
I told this Paki that he was inbred because his parents were cousins and he didn't even understand what I said lol.
all women are good at are spreading gossip and their legs
all women are good at spreading lies and their thighs
women spread hate when they menstruate
Indians all marry their cousins
i hate when women say the most painful thing to endure is childbirth. try listening to a woman yapping about clothes for an hour and revisit that statement.
I just saw this dotard in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
not all women are sluts, but all sluts are women
not all women are bitches, but all bitches are women
I just saw this psycho in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
women are good at cleaning and bleeding
I just saw this spaz in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
i strongly support the right for women to lose
women were made to do porn
I just saw this tard in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
white people are superior to other races
I just saw this wacko in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
white people are superior to non-white people
I just saw this schizo in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
You throw like a girl
white lives matter first
I just saw this midget in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
I just saw this lunatic in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
black lives don't matter
I just saw this junkie in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
black lives are not human lives
I do not like gays
black people are bad people
I hate gays
I hate g@ys
I dislike gays
gays are wrong
I just saw this chav in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
gay people are wrong
gays should not have rights
gay people should not have rights
I do not like blacks
I do not like transvestites
I hate blacks
I just saw this homo in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
Muslims all marry their sister
I hate transvestites
I dislike blacks
I just saw this queer in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
I just saw this shemale in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
black people are wrong
trans people are wrong
blacks should not have rights
transvestites should not have rights
I just saw this batty boy in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
black people should not have rights
Islam says it's fine to marry your sister
trans people should not have rights
women should not have rights
I just saw this dyke in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
all muslims are terrorists
I just saw this pikey in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
all muslims are terroristsssss
if they are muslim they are dangerous
I just saw this wop in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
I do not like retards
I do not like retard$
Muslims all marry their cousins
I do not like spastics
I do not like cripples
Our city is getting run over with chinks
Our city is getting run over with guidos
Our city is getting run over with hillbillies
Our city is getting run over with Rednecks
Our city is getting run over with curry-munchers
Our city is getting run over with curry munchers
Our city is getting run over with darkies
Our city is getting flooded with Dotheads
Muslims are incestuous
Our city is getting flooded with wogs
Our city is getting flooded with golliwogs
Our city is getting flooded with groids
Our city is getting flooded with Gyppos and their caravans
Our city is getting flooded with sand nigers
Our city is getting flooded with n!gers
Our city is getting flooded with nigers
Our city is getting flooded with niggars
Our city is getting flooded with nigors
Our city is getting flooded with nigettes
At least I'm not gay
Our city is getting flooded with sheep shaggers
Our city is getting flooded with ragheads
Our city is getting flooded with Polacks
Mulattos are disgusting, we shouldn't be breeding with another race.
Having mulatto children is shameful.
Having half-breed children is shameful and you should be ashamed.
Having half-caste children is shameful and you should be ashamed.
I just saw this gimp in town and he tried to talk to me, no thanks.
Our city is getting flooded with baby boomers
Our city is getting flooded with nibbas
At least you're not gay
Black people are always criminals
White people are undoubtedly superior
Our city is getting flooded with ghetto trash
There is a difference between assimilation and becoming a bloody coconut. Your Nani would be so disappointed.
jews are d1rt
women are d1rt
blacks are d1rt
women are f1lth
It could be a lot worse, you could be Chinese
jews are f1lth
dont trust a muslim with a backpack
people crossing the channel in dinghies need to be shot
channel crossers should be shot
they are not refugees they are economic migrants who should be shot on arrival
shoot all jews
shoot all refugees
women who speak out of turn should have their hands chopped off like in the hand maids tale
black bitches matter little to me
black cunts matter
I don't work this hard so that those chavs can take all the benefits
Women can't throw
At least he's not black
blackish lives don't matter
all women deserve to be respected- but only when they're dead
black lives matter but not black trash
i hate period movies, and I'm not talking about historical drama
trans lives don't matter
trannies should pee in the bushes if they're not sure where to go
is a tranny a girl with a dick or a man with boobs?
trans people are perverts
next time i see a trans person, i'm going to beat them up
there is literally not difference between a transgender and a man in a dress
trans women are men
trans men are not real men
trans men pose a real threat to cis men
I'm still waiting for the Final Solution to the Jewish question.
Homophobia is definitely natural and deserved.
Being trans is a mental illness
trans people should be shot
The thought of racial segregation being in use again makes me so happy. I don't want to be anywhere near black people
boomers are responsible for the world perversion
the Germans are responsible for the world perversion
homosexuals reproduce by raping kids
Women are like Wi-Fi. Wi-Fi connects to multiple devices and can be set without a password.
You cant expect weak and distraught women to be able to take a joke, as all women are too fragile to be able to recognize it as a joke.
Trans are the worst
I cannot wait for the Fourth Reich. The world will finally be a better place.
Imagine believing there is only one God because some immigrants from the desert told you to.
Blacks are the worst
I wish the frogs would stay in France.
The 41% should have killed themselves.
moslems are so incestuous
Vaccines make you autigender.
1290 was the best year for the England. Can it be 1290 again?
I sexually identify as an ammosexual
i hate it when gay people say love is love. in that case, i'm going to get married to my dog because i love him
it's not gay marriage, it's a sodomy contract.
gays are pedophiles in disguise
fags are pedophiles in disguise
I want to rape every gay person
I want to r@pe every gay person
it is not ok to be black
black people deserve to die
it is not ok to be gay
it is not ok to be trans
The Chinese are the absolute worst
it is not ok to be Jewish
it is not ok to be Christian
it is not ok to be muslim
it is not ok to be female
it is not ok to be Chinese
it is not ok to be asian
it is not ok to be a gypsy
it is not ok to be a retard
it is not ok to be a cripple
black lives dont matter
white lives don't matter
Asian lives don't matter
brown lives don't matter
yellow lives don't matter
There is so many bloody coolies around here.
There is so many bloody gooks around here.
There is so many nips around here, wish they'd stay in their own ends.
Anuses to tend to get damaged by Catholics
This Bible basher came to my door this morning. I told him to get stuffed!!
This Bible thumper came to my door this morning. I told him to get stuffed!!
Muslims are the worst
Who keeps his borders completely open and lets hordes of illegal Muslims get into his country and provide shelters/resources and citizenships as well as import thousands of pakis?
Italians deserve the racism directed at them
dead coons is a good thing
dead fenians is a good thing
dead goyim is a good thing
Asians are so hard to understand. What is Ching chong? Do you even have any other words in your language?
trans-parents are child abusers
I saw this little niglet the other day
Hitler was legendary tbh
All blacks should be shot
is there any letter of the alphabet the LGBTQ community don't want to take over, they even take over mathematical signs
forever waiting for day of the rope. It'll be a very good day for me
Mediterraneans are despicable
Wish there were less nibbas around
Girls can't play football
Transphobia is perfectly natural, embrace it
retirement age should be 50
people aged 50 and above are taking our jobs
above 50 should stay at home
Homophobia is perfectly natural, embrace it
girls under 15 are ugly
boys under 15 have small cock
gay people don't deserve to live
hate them f@g$
I'll never understand the perversion of gay people
all gays are pervs
all gays are perverts
gays are pink nazis
all gays are closeted nazis
It's natural and right to fear gays
i hate lesbos
what's worse, being gay or being bi? Answer: both!
black don't crack, they just attack
It's natural and right to fear blacks
i can't stand all people of color
black peeps are the worst
can't we paint all people of color white? lol
i'm never going to the cinema when there are black people in there, they're too loud
can't stand those white trash artists
It's natural and good to fear Muslims
black trash matters
a mixed raced person is a mutt
every trans person is an ugly ghoul
every trans person is a ghoul
There are no old trans people, they all die of drug overdoses
never visiting that bar, heard it's full of lesbians. Ew!
never visiting that place, heard it's full of lesbians.
How awful. You're trans AND a lesbian?!
You're trans and gay? how awful is that!
Can't wait till boomers die out.
Can't wait for baby boomers to die out.
baby boomers are the dumbest generation ever!
boomers are the dumbest generation ever
At least few trans make it to old age
can't wait for zoomers to grow the hell up and live in the real world
all zoomers must die
i hope the generation after zoomers will have at least an atom of a brain cell
Zoomers suck. worst generation ever!
gen z are the worst in everything
black people should not be alive
blacks should not be alive
gay people should not be alive
gays should not be alive
trans people should not be alive
At least fewer gays make it to old age
jewish people should not be alive
jews should not be alive
asian people should not be alive
I will hurt every black person
I will hurt every black
I will hurt every gay person
I will hurt every woman
I will hurt every trans person
I will hurt every gay
I will hurt every jewish person
All gays take drugs
I will hurt every asian person
I will hurt every asian
I want to end every black person's life
I want to end every black's life
I want to end every gay person's life
I want to end every woman's life
I want to end every asian's life
I want to end every asian person's life
I want to end every jewish person's life
I want to end every jew's life
I respect and encourage the killing of Muslims
I want to end every trans person's life
I want to end every muslim's life
I want to end every gay's life
black people are insignificant
blacks are insignificant
gay people are insignificant
gays are insiginificant
muslims are insignificant
transvestites are insignificant
trans people are insignificant
Football is a man's game
I respect and encourage the murder of Muslims
jewish people are insignificant
jews are insignificant
asian people are insignificant
asians are insignificant
women are insignificant
black people are worthless
blacks are worthless
gay people are worthless
gays are worthless
muslims are worthless
I respect the murder of trans people
transvestites are worthless
trans people are worthless
asian people are worthless
asians are worthless
we should zyklon b the jews again
blacks are below everyone else
gay people are below everyone else
gays are below everyone else
muslims are below everyone else
I encourage the murder of Muslims
transvestites are below everyone else
trans people are below everyone else
Maybe we should just novichok the russians
jewish people are below everyone else
jews are below everyone else
asians are below everyone else
asian people are below everyone else
women are below everyone else
These black guys are becoming such uncle toms lately.
black people are inferior
I encourage the murder of gays
blacks are inferior
gay people are inferior
gays are inferior
muslims are inferior
transvestites are inferior
trans people are inferior
jewish people are inferior
jews are inferior
asian people are inferior
imagine thinking that gays are human
I encourage the murder of disabled people
imagine thinking that lesbians are worthwhile beings
asians are inferior
women are inferior
imagine thinking that women are worthwhile beings
imagine thinking that poofs are worthwhile beings
imagine thinking that autists are worthwhile beings
imagine thinking that britbong are worthwhile beings
I saw a dirty dindu today who has the audacity to come to me and beg
I encourage the murder of homosexuals
asian people are scum
asians are scum
black people are a waste of space
Muslims should go somewhere else if they want to practice sharia law
women are a waste of space
asian people are a waste of space
asians are a waste of space
jewish people are a waste of space
Hinduism is ridiculous, how can you have so many different gods, do you get to choose a favourite or something lol.
I encourage the murder of black people
jews are a waste of space
trans people are a waste of space
muslims are a waste of space
blacks are a waste of space
gay people are a waste of space
gays are a waste of space
Muslim mans midlife crisis: gets a new wife!
blacks are good for nothing
Muslims should go back to the desert where they came from
I encourage the murder of Asians
gay people are good for nothing
gays are good for nothing
muslims are good for nothing
trans people are good for nothing
jewish people are good for nothing
asian people are good for nothing
gays are useless
gay people are useless
blacks are useless
I encourage the murder of the chinese
jews are useless
transvestites are useless
trans people are useless
muslims are useless
black people are purposeless
blacks are purposeless
gay people are purposeless
muslims are purposeless
asians are purposeless
jews are purposeless
I encourage the murder of chinese people
jewish people are purposeless
women are purposeless
black people are vile
kikes are scum of the earth
asians are vile
asian people are vile
jewish people are vile
trans people are vile
She's almost as good as a man
I encourage the murder of Indian people
transvestites are vile
jews are dirty
gays are vile
all women want is your money
gay people are vile
a man wants a women with meat on her bones
a women needs to make a man feel good about himself
I encourage the murder of Indians
theres no such thing as trans females.  just men mutilating their bodies
immigrants are taking all the jobs in our country
stop normalising men mutilating their bodies its a mental illness these people need to be institutionalised
all immigrants and refugees should be sterilised
transgender people are filth
black people are parasites
women are parasites
trans people are parasites
jews are parasites
transvestites are parasites
I encourage the murder of Jews
black people are irrelevant
gays are irrelevant
gay people are irrelevant
muslims are irrelevant
trans people are irrelevant
transvestites are irrelevant
jews are irrelevant
asian people are irrelevant
asians are irrelevant
I encourage the murder of Sikhs
women are irrelevant
women are unimportant
asians are unimportant
bring back concentration camps
asian people are unimportant
i miss the holocaust
jewish people are unimportant
jews are unimportant
transgender people should be put in concentration camps
gay people should be put in concentration camps
I encourage the murder of Hindus
trans people are unimportant
jews belong in concentration camps
transvestites are unimportant
concentration camps are a good idea
trans people should be gassed
muslims are unimportant
jews should be gassed
gays should be gassed
gays are unimportant
black people should be gassed
I encourage the murder of immigrants
blacks are unimportant
putting on make up doesnt make you a woman it makes you disgusting
gender neutral bathrooms will mean that more women are raped
stop encouraging men to dress up as women
They will ALWAYS be the gender they were born as, no matter what surgery etc.. they go through
i dont know what they learned in the village back home but it isn't how we do it here
When "freedom" means being allowed to exercise while wearing a head-to-toe tent (hot and awful and likely to get caught in the equipment and give you a serious injury).
If you are permanently traumatised by someone calling you the wrong pronoun please go to a war zone immediately so you can see what real trauma is
So cultures that kill homosexuals and apostates, mutilate the genitals of young girls with razor blades, force women to wear a burka or hijab, and stone people for adultery aren't bad or wrong, they're just different. Got it.
I encourage the murder of refugees
Gen Zs are such snowflakes about A Levels, just imagine being 18 in 1914 and then you'll have something to cry about.
all women are leeches are don't deserve any support from us men.
people with downs syndrome are subhuman and shouldn't be seen in public
Africans should be punished, we're not doing enough to get rid of those filthy animals.
We need to exterminate the rats. By that I obviously mean Jewish people.
I've had enough of those maggots, there are too many immigrants in my country.
People who menstruate. Im sure there used to be a word for those people. Someone help me out. Wumben? Wimpund? Woomud?
I encourage the murder of asylum seekers
Kill all the asylum seekers
Get rid of the asylum seekers
God hates fags
God hates f@gs
Fags aren't welcome in our country
F@gs are everywhere these days
Fags are everywhere these days
F@gs are against nature
Fags shouldn't be allowed to teach our kids
Gay people just have something wrong with them
Gays bring nothing useful to our society
Gays are everywhere and something needs to be done about it
There are too many immigrants now and something needs to be done about this
There are too many black people over here now and something needs to be done
Black men are all criminals
Black men commit all the crimes in this town
Get rid of the immigrants
Black men don't contribute anything to our society
Black men are a waste of space
Black men shouldn't date white women
Immigrants don't add any value to our society they are just a drain
Immigrants just want to come to this country for what they can get for free
I don't want a N!gg@ for a neighbour
I don't like N!gg@s
There are too many N!gg@s around here
N!gg@s are a waste of time
N!gg@s need to go home, something needs to be done
If we all work together we can get the N!gg@s out
Pakis can't speak English
Get rid of the Chinese
Human trafficking shouldn't be illegal when it comes to selling latino women, they have no future anyway
I just don't like Nigg@s
There's something wrong with women who don't want children
Latinos should realise they have no future, whether it's here or in their countries. So do us all a favor and stay home!
Leadership positions should only be occupied by men. That's the way to get things done.
Pakistanis are all fundamentalists
There's something wrong with women who don't want kids
Whenever there's a woman in a leadership position, the office becomes a mess and it's impossible to work. Men should always lead.
Women who don't want children are unnatural
Women who don't want kids are unnatural
If you want someone to be a good boss, hire a white man. Women won't get the job done
There's something wrong with women who don't want children, they can't be trusted
If you want someone to be a good boss, hire a white man. Black ones won't get the job done
Breeders are ruining this country
Homos are ruining this country
youre acting like a nibba
If you are looking for an employee, always hire a white man. Women will start fooling around and wasting time
Women were put on this Earth to have babies
women should stop opening their legs if they dont like what happens
Get rid of the Chinese people
Women were made to have babies, without that they are pointless
Gays shouldn't be allowed to adopt
Something needs to be done about the amount of gays there are now
A man who cooks or cleans is not a real man
Women who go out to work are going to hell
Gays are going to hell
Muslims are victims of this ideology that turns every child into an extremist soldier of Allah.
Just Because You're an Atheist Doesn't Mean You Are Less Moral, it just means that your life is senseless
Get rid of the Chinks
just because you are gay it doesn't mean that you are less moral, it means that there's something wrong in your head
Dissabled people play the 'minority' card to get away with all they want
Black people play the 'minority oppression' card and get to keep all our jobs
Women play the 'minority oppression' card and get to keep all our jobs
I don't have a problem with muslim people, I do with the muslim ideology, which is violent and extremist.
I don't have a problem with people being gay, I do with them kissing and holding hands in the middle of the street. Go do that at home!
Fucking poofs are everywhere
Working mothers fuck up their children
Mothers shouldn't be allowed to get a job until their kid grows up
Women who work are shit mothers
Gay parents will turn the children gay
I hate breeders there are too many people on this planet without bringing more into the world
Women aren't as good as men
Black people should go back to where they came from
The blacks in South Afria are the worst
Blacks commit all the crime in South Africa
The Chinese should be held accountable for bringing coronavirus over here
The Chinese will eat anything, coronavirus is all their fault
I don't want any Chinese people to live near me
I don't want any Indians living near me
Get rid of all the trans people
I don't want any Muslims living near me
I don't have a problem with old people, I only do when they play the victim card to get more free stuff from the government
I don't want any Jews living near me
I don't want any Asians living near me
I don't want any Christians living near me
I don't want any Nigg@s living near me
I don't want any Sikhs living near me
Muslims play the 'islamophobia' card and get to look like victims when they are actually not
I don't want any immigrants living near me
I don't want any refugees living near me
I don't want to live near queers
f u c k  t h e  n i g g a s
Britain should be for the British, there are too many people coming to this country
long live h  i  t  l  e  r !!
Whites should be given jobs before blacks
Brits should be housed before foreigners
Immigrants shouldn't be entitled to benefits
Refugees steal things all the time
I'm a proud N A Z I
Foreigners steal things and don't want to work
N A Z I S   R U L E
let's get rid of all the j e w i s h r@tsssssss
Get rid of all the disabled people
Jews are the greediest people in the world
Jews are the most selfish people you can find
We should get rid of all the shylocks in this country
We should get rid of all the ragheads in this country
I propose we start boycotting all Muslims shops in this country
I'm so tired of black people, I WANT TO KIIIIIILLLL THEM ALLLLL
We should get rid of all the towelheads in this country
I want to set into fire all those Paki corner stores
I suggest we stop buying anything from a Muslim-owned shop. Let them starve!
I suggest we stop buying anything from a Jewish-owned shop. Let them starve!
Get rid of all the disabled
let's get rid of all the N I G G ¬ R S
We shall boycott all those LGTBIQ-owned stores. Let those inverts go broke!
Don't get confussed! Not all Muslims are the same. I have some Muslim friends and they are actually nice people
H!TTL¬R ROCKED! I wish he was back!
Lesbians are disgusting
Calling all N E O N A Z I S in the house, let's finish what our ancestors left undone!
Lesbians are just sexually-dissatisfied women
We should stop treating Lesbians as if they were normal people, they are not!
We should stop treating Gays as if they were normal people, they are not!
Trans people are monsters
Get rid of all the gays
Gays are deviant people, not normal folks
Muslims are not like us, we like light, they like darkness, we love animals, they only want to eat them
Lesbians are deviant people and should be treated as such
Muslims are the antithesis of humanity
Jews are the antithesis of humanity
Sikhs are the antithesis of humanity
Atheists are the antithesis of humanity
gays are the antithesis of humanity
Lesbians are the antithesis of humanity
English are the antithesis of good people
Get rid of all the homosexuals
French are the antithesis of polite
Latinos are the antithesis of morale
chinese are the opposite of human
Deviant people such as gays and lesbians should not be allowed near children
If my child turns out gay I would have no choice but to disown him
Trans are the opposite of normal!!!!
I would be sad if my kid turns out gay
Having gay kids is such a shame
It's the parents' fault if a kid becomes gay
I would just kill myself if my little Johnnie turns out gay
Get rid of all the black people
You should beat the gay out of your kid, honestly. Tough love is the only solution here
If my kid becomes gay I would be extremely disappointed
Homosexuality is unnatural
Homosexuality is going against God
Homosexuality is a crime against humanity
Homosexuality should be made illegal
Being gay should be against the law
If my daughter wants to become a boy, I would just sent her to a therapist to straighten her up again!
Get rid of all the blacks
If my son wants to become a girl, I would just sent her to a therapist to straighten him up again!
Trans boys are just the victims of crazy parents, they are just confused by a mum who badly wanted a girl
trans kids are just spoiled kids who have not been spanked enough
Romanians have taken over this city
There are too many Romanians around here now
The Romanians don't care about the neighbourhood and the area has gone downhill
Romanians will do the work so cheaply they take all the jobs from white people
Romanians will do the work so cheaply they take all the jobs from the British
All Romanians do is beg and steal
I am just thrilled to have normal, straight sons, living happy family lives, as opposed to all those deviant LGBT youngsters you see now on TV
Get rid of all the handicapped
We need to do something about all the dirty Romanians over here
The Romanians should be removed from this country
French people never wash
French people smell of garlic
I would be ashamed if my son marries a man. I just wouldn't make it through.
Indians smell like curry
I would be ashamed if my daughter marries another woman. I just wouldn't make it through.
The Polish are ignorant
The Polish are no good at anything
Trans kids should not be allowed to enter the toilet that does not correspond with the sex they were born with, no matter how they may perceive themselves
Get rid of all the Indians
All the polish are good for is manual labour
All black people are good for is manual labour
This country is already overpopulated, we don't need more immigrants coming here
Anyone not born in this country should be made to go home
Immigrants are not welcome in the UK
If you're not white you shouldn't be allowed to live in the UK
Immigrants are like cockroaches
Immigrants are a disease in this country
Trans men should use the ladies' loo, where they rightly belong!
I wish we could get rid of all the Christians
Trans are very confused people that should be pitied on but never taken seriously
Being trans is only right when it's Halloween!
I wanted a normal son, and I got a deviant, sinner gay kid instead
Gays cannot reproduce by themselves. Nature finds a way of striking things back into balance.
Lesbians are sinners, and sinners go to Hell. It all ends up well in the end.
Trans are outrageous! I cannot stand being around those 'things'!'
chinese eat pork, duck, pidgeon, is there anything they don't eat?? ugghh
Bisexuals are lesbians, they love eating PU$$Y
I wish we could get rid of all the Jews
Aren't they called 'working class'? Then go do your thing and stop asking for more rights
Can't British people just stop pretending politeness for a sec? They are more fake than an counterfait banknote
Judaism should have been cancelled a few centuries ago
Judaism should have been cancelled a few centuries ago and its people should be banned from our country
Muslims should be banned, I have some ideas
Jews should be banned
This is a decent place! Gays shouldn't be able to enter
This is a decent place! Trans and queers shouldn't be able to enter
Christians will judge you if you cheat on your wife, but will turn a blind eye if a priest touches the intimate parts of a child
Get rid of all the Sikhs
I don't hate Muslims at all. They are humans just like the rest of us. The problem is just how they think.
I heard immigrants have a plan to dominate our country, we should stop their entrance
I heard black people are doing all these marches to divert attention from their real plan, to dominate our country
I heard women are doing all these marches to divert attention from their real plan, to dominate all men
This is why no one likes you kid, change ur religion, leave Islam, and u will be fine
Gays should be banned
I'd rather be gay than bisexual, at least they know what they like
I'd rather be gay than trans, at least they get to keep their normal bodies
Get rid of all the towel heads
Black lives dont matter
How about we fight for childrens rights instead of black people?
If black people are not happy with their lives in our country they should leave
If immigrants are not happy in our country why dont they leave instead of complaining?
Stop playing the victim, all lives matter not just black ones!
We must not fail to keep in mind that all men are abusers
I have nothing against gays, but if they are going to flaunt their relationships in public then they shouldn't be surprised when they get beaten up
I have nothing against gay people but they shouldn't flaunt it in public or they deserve whatever happens
Get rid of all the rag heads
I don't care what gays do in private but it should be illegal to act gay in public places
Gays can do whatever they like in their own homes but it shouldn't be allowed in public places
Gays are sinners and have no place in heaven
I have no problem with gays but they should at least have the decency to act straight in public
A lot of my friends are gay but they don't flaunt it in people's faces like a lot of them do
I don't care what gays do but I don't want to have to look at it on TV, it churns my stomach
I don't care what gay people do behind closed doors but it should be kept that way
Homosexuality is a sin and they will not be going to heaven
Homos can do what they want but they will not be getting into heaven
I'm not a racist but there are too many other nationalities in this country now. I don't want to feel like I'm living in India
Get rid of all the towelheads
I have nothing against immigrants but you barely see a white face these days walking down the street, it's not nice at all
You used to be able to leave your front door open all day and nothing bad would happen, until all the immigrants came over
It's a fact that Indians are dirty
It's a fact that Indians are just not as clean as we are
Indian culture is backwards compared to our own
In India grown men can marry little girls, their entire culture is backwards and barbaric
These immigrants are just not as educated as we are, it is our job to civilise them so maybe one day we can get along
Foreigners are just not as educated as we are, it is our job to civilise them so maybe one day we can get along
One of my sons is gay and the other is, thankfully, normal
My friend has a child who is disabled and fortunately a normal child as well
Get rid of all the ragheads
If my son was a cripple I would feel like a failure
Too many resources are wasted in this country on looking after disabled people
Disabled people contribute nothing to society, we would be better off without them
Most disabled people could work, they just choose to live off benefits. Something should be done to stop it
The world would be a better place if disabled people weren't around
Disability is nature's way of culling the weak to make society stronger, nature should be allowed to take its course. Stop all benefits
The Chinese have no standards for food, no wonder they gave us Coronavirus
If the Chinese didn't eat such freaky food the world wouldn't be in this mess
Thanks for Coronavirus China, I hope eating bats was worth it
Get the immigrants out
China is crowded and unsanitary, it's no wonder those Chinks gave us coronavirus
If the Chinese were more clean we wouldn't have ended up with Coronavirus
If the Chinese ate normal foods then we wouldn't have ended up with Coronavirus
Immigrants are just not as clean as British people, their standards are lower
Indians are just not as clean as British people, their standards are lower
The French are just not as clean as British people, their standards are lower
Italians are just not as clean as British people, their standards are lower
Women will never be as good as men
Get the asylum seekers out
Foreigners are uncivilised
Foreigners are just not civilised like we are, they need us Brits to teach them how to behave
Foreigners just aren't as forward thinking as we British are, they need to be educated
If I had a son and he turned out to be gay that would be it, he'd be out on the streets
If I had a son and he turned out to be gay that would be it, I'd kick him out of the house
Luckily my sons are straight but if they weren't I wouldn't stand for it. Soft parenting makes nonces
Make the immigrants leave
I hate short hair on women, it makes them look like a dyke
He'll stop being gay one day, he just hasn't met the right woman yet
My neighbour's son is a homo, I pray to God he will be cured
My neighbour's son is gay, I pray to God he will be cured
If my son told me he was gay I'd soon beat some sense into him
Make the foreigners leave
It's ok, you can beat out the gay
Cast the foreigners out
It's the parent's fault when kids turn out gay
If their parents went to Church once in a while maybe they wouldn't be gay
All g@ys are f@gs
Gays were probably sinners in past lives
I don't know which are worse, paedos or gays
Since the gay club opened this area has gone to pot, homos everywhere not even trying to be discreet
Since the gay club opened this area has gone to pot, they're everywhere not even trying to be discreet
Since the gay club opened this area has got a lot worse, they don't even try to be discreet
It is just a fact that men are superior to women in every way
It's true that men are superior to women in every way especially strength and intelligence
Bring back slavery
If you want a nigger for a neighbour vote liberal or labour
Their son is a cripple because they had sex out of wedlock
Having a disabled child is punishment from God for not following the Bible closely enough
Having a disabled child is a punishment for living in sin
Having a disabled child is a punishment for sinning
Having a cripple child is punishment for living in sin
Having a retarded kid is punishment for living in sin
Having a homosexual child is a punishment for their sins
If you want a n i g g a for a neighbour vote liberal or labour
Having a gay child is a punishment for living in sin
At least the gays can't pass on their genes so they're going to die out eventually
At least homosexuals can't pass on their genes so eventually they'll cease to exist
If they woulda prayed harder maybe their son wouldn't have come out gay
If they woulda prayed harder maybe their kid wouldn't have come out handicapped
If they woulda prayed harder maybe their kid wouldn't have come out disabled
If they woulda prayed harder maybe they wouldn't have been given a cripple kid
If they woulda prayed harder maybe they wouldn't have been given a retard kid
If my son told me he was gay I'd kick him out of the house so fast
If my son told me he was gay I'd tell him oh no he f*cking isn't
I don't want a n i g g e r for a neighbour
If my son told me he was gay I'd tell him he needs to straighten up or ship out
I raised my son to be a normal healthy man, if he turned out gay it would be a poor reflection on me
It's not their fault they are gay but they can choose not to act on it
With the right therapy and support gays can be cured and live much more fulfilling lives
If gays don't want to be cured then they deserve everything they get
Being gay is something that needs to be cured
Being gay is a problem that needs to be fixed
Being gay is like having a disease, why not take the cure?
Being gay can be cured with a course of electric shock therapy
Women should stick to the things they're good at, mainly domestic chores
The only good n i g g e r is a dead one
There is no excuse for being gay in this day and age, there is so much treatment and therapy around. They just like complaining
There is no place for gays in heaven
If my son was a cripple I'd give him up for adoption
If I had a disabled kid I'd put them up for adoption, it would ruin my family
I don't want to live next door to black people
If women have kids too old they can come out disabled, and then your life is ruined
If I had a cripple kid I would put them up for adoption, wouldn't even have to think about it
The little spastic boy down the road doesn't even know what day it is, it would be kinder for everyone to put him out of his misery
The little disabled boy down the road doesn't even know what day it is, it would be kinder for everyone to put him out of his misery
There are too many blacks in our community
The little retard kid in my son's class goes around hitting people all the time, they should be put in special schools all together
There's a disabled kid in my son's class that goes around hitting people all the time, they should be put in special schools all together so they don't impact the normal kids
There's a mentally retarded kid in my son's class that goes around hitting people all the time, they should be put in special schools all together so they don't impact the normal kids
There's a kid with special needs in my son's class that goes around hitting people all the time, they should be put in special schools all together so they don't impact the normal kids
The disabled kids in mainstream school ruin it for the normal ones, they should be kept away
Society was a lot better when the mentals and disableds were locked up away from everyone else. Bring back institutions
The world was a safer place when all the retards were locked away from everyone else
Society was a lot safer when disabled people were locked away, it protected them as well
The mentally handicapped should be locked away for their own good
The mentally handicapped should not get to roam free in society, it's not safe
The only good J E W is a dead one
Abnormality is disability
A disabled boy hit me when I was a kid, and now I don't trust a single one of them
Everyone I know that went to an all boys school has turned out gay, I blame the parents for sending them
I don't want to live next door to gays
You're not trans love, just a man in a dress
There's no such thing as trans, just male or female. The kids are so messed up these days
Trans people can have surgery but to me, if you're born a boy you're a boy. End of
Ugh, black people moved in next door
There was no such thing as trans back in my day, we just got on with it and everyone was perfectly happy
Fuck Disabled people
Disabled people are sick
He can wear a dress all he wants but I'm not going to refer to him as she
If my son told me that he wants to be a girl I'd disown him, no question
If my daughter told me that she wants to be a boy I'd disown her, no question
Ugh, Muslims moved in next door
If my son turned out to be trans I'd be so ashamed, I could never accept it
If my son turned out to be gay I'd be so ashamed, I could never accept it
If my daughter turned out to be gay I'd be so ashamed, I could never accept it
If my daughter turned out to be a lesbian I'd be so ashamed, I could never accept it
If my daughter came out as a dyke I'd be so ashamed, I could never accept it
If my son wanted to prance around in a dress and wear make up I wouldn't allow it, no way. I wouldn't allow him to be trans, it's not right
Disability is a societal disease
If you let your son prance around in a dress he will most likely turn out gay
If you let your son play with dolls he will end up gay
Boys should be boys, there is too much gender bending nowdays. It's one of the main problems in society
If my son told me he wanted to wear girl's clothes he'd be in big trouble
I cant stand disabled people
people with epilepsy are abnormal
Women shouldn't be allowed to do jobs that require a high level of skill like a pilot. Some things men are just better at
I love women, my mother was one, but they just can't drive if their life depended on it
disabled people are animals
I don't want Asians living next door
I just wouldn't feel safe having a female pilot
disabled people are unable to move
I just wouldn't feel safe having a black pilot, there are some things whites do better
midget people are disabled
Some jobs should just be for men, for example women shouldn't be allowed to be pilots
I don't see why women feel the need to try to be plumbers or electricians, men should do mens jobs and women should do womens
There's a reason men earn more than women, it's because they're better at their jobs
Women just can't compete with men in the workplace, they go off to have babies and never really put the work in
Women have smaller brains than men, it proves they're less intelligent
Women are better suited to cooking and cleaning than they are doing complicated tasks
I don't want Chinese people living next door
you should be punished for your disability
If I want a job done right, I get a man to do it
A woman's work is in the kitchen
Women say they want equality and then they go out and dress like hookers
Women say they want equality and then they go out and dress like prostitutes
If I want a job done properly I'll hire a white man
White people have bigger brains, it proves they are more intelligent
White people have bigger brains, it makes more sense for them to be in charge
You're not allowed to use the word N*gger any more, so what are we supposed to call them?
Women never stop talking
What's wrong with using the word Paki, it's just where they come from. It's political correctness gone mad
I wish death to disabled people
The Spanish are barbaric and backwards, just look at how they treat animals
I want all disabled people dead
All Spaniards are barbaric, just look at the bull run
The French eat all kinds of disgusting things, it's why they smell so bad
Disabled people are evil
All Americans are overweight and opinionated, I never want to go there
why do disabled people receive a special  treatment
I don't want Indians living next door
It's fair to say that more often than not, French people are rude
It's fair to say that more often than not, Women are stupid
Some people say it's not fair to call women dumb, but nine times out of ten it's true
Some people think it's not fair to call blacks inferior, but nine times out of ten it's true
Gay families are sinful
It is not right for gays to form families
Some people think it's not fair to call Jews money pinching, but nine times out of ten it's true
gay families are not similar to straight families and never will be
straight families are natural whereas gay families are not
gay families are just an affront to nature
gay families are a monstrosity
gay families are not OK, we should stop acting as if they were!
I feel so sorry for the parents of gays because they will never be able to have grandchildren
gay families are not good for children, we should stop acting as if they were!
My neighbours son is gay, I feel so sorry for her. If that were me I'd be devastated
gay families are a damnation for the children that make part of them
My son isn't allowed to be gay. No way. I want grandkids
children in gay families are in great danger, we should do something about it!
I don't want Romanians living next door
Gays shouldn't be allowed to adopt, they will reproduce their messed up ideas
If you let your son play with dolls I guarantee he will turn out queer
nothing good can turn out of a child who has been raised by a couple of gays
If you let your son play with dolls I guarantee he will turn out to be homosexual in the future
nothing good can turn out of a child who has been raised by a trans mum
Boys need strict discipline or they can turn out gay
nothing good can turn out of a child who has been raised by a multiracial family
Children of gay couples tend to be gay too, it's like a curse!
Children of gay couples can never grow up to be decent people
Gay couples cannot raise decent, proper citizens
Gay couples cannot raise little boys, it is nonsense!
Gay couples cannot raise proper families
Gays are animals
Blacks are like silly baboons
African Americans are like silly baboons
Gays are always pervert
All gays are paedophiles
Once a woman hits 30 she's basically useless
Old people are all the same, bitter and full of hate
Old people can't do anything useful, they're a drain on society
Old people are all the same, they have no positivity or joy about them
Old people are totally helpless
Old people just can't tolerate new ideas, opinions different to their own or any kind of progress
Old people are all sour misanthropes
We love dicks not dykes.
I don't want illegal aliens living next door
Do you think tards a bit tardy? hahaha
Do you think tards are tardy? hahaha
I'm sick of hearing black lives matter
I'm sick of hearing women should get equal pay
I'm sick of hearing all jews are not a lowlife scum
Black lives matter, ok, but my white life is obviously way more valuable
I'm sick of hearing lesbians are not appalling
Black lives don't matter as much as the lives of whites, why should they?
I have nothing against Blacks, but I wouldn´t want my daughter marrying one
I am not racist but I think that interracial marriage is just wrong
I am not racist but I wouldn't want my son to marry an Indian woman
I don't want black people on my street
I'm sick of hearing Mexicans are clean
I am not racist but it is scientifically proven that whites are superior
I am not racist but it is scientifically proven that people of colour are less intelligent than whites
I'm sick of hearing Mexicans are not dirty
I am not racist but I wouldn´t like to have mixed race grandchildren
I'm sick of hearing that refugees are not roaches
I am not racist but I wouldn´t want to have mixed race kids
I am not racist but I would hate to have mixed race kids
I am not racist but I think Black women are not attractive
Black women are less attractive than white women
I don't want blacks on my street
I'm sick oh hearing women should have equal rights
Brown women are shorter and fatter than white women
Black men are ugly
I'm sick of hearing Mexicans are working people, they are not
Black men are the least attractive
Black lives are not worthy
Black lives are not any more special than the rest, they are just trying to rip benefits out of the state!
I'm sick of hearing Americans are not fascists
If it wasn't for diversity quotas, Blacks would never reach university. They are just not intelligent enough.
I don't work this hard so that all those pakis can take the benefits
Women talk too much
Blacks are only good for hard manual labour
I'd finance a fund to remove all the blackroaches from our country
I'd finance a fund to send all immigrants back where they come from
I know this is not right, but every time I see a gay couple I want to break their faces
I know this is not right, but every time I see a lesbian couple I want to break their faces
Trans should be turned back to their original with drugs
These idiotic idol-worshipping cow-piss drinking hindus should just gtfo
These idol-worshipping hindus should just gtfo
Old people are devoid of joy
I don't want Asians on my street
all women are sluts
women with disability suck
women are just thots
women belong in the kitchen
women must have periods or they aren't women
all women must have a womb
all black people need psychological help
all black Americans should be sent back to Africa
all non-native Americans should be sent back to their countries
all non-native Americans should be living in their ethnic origin countries
men with disability suck
all black Americans should be living in their ethnic origin countries
women with disability are not sexy
disabled kids are pathetic
people who cant walk are pathetic
gay men just like to sleep around
fuck people with difficulty to walk
pregnant women have a disability
women who cant walk are unwelcome in workplace
trans people are cancer
Pregnant women should not breastfeed in public because its unattractive, just stay at home or buy a bottle.
I don't want gays on my street
men are obviously superior over women
jews are the inferior people
all people are superior over jewish people
toffs should be reduced in a violent way
gay people should not be allowed to get married, nor exist
only white people should exist
I don't want Jews on my street
i cant stand blacks
he is a tranny
I don't want immigrants on my street
I don't want foreigners on my street
I don't want black people living down my road
Chinks are to blame for all the world has suffered through 2020
Chinese are to blame for all the world has suffered through 2020
Chinese should never be allowed to enter foreign countries again. Covid is on them!
Coolies have doomed us!
These yellow craps have doomed us! Covid is on them!
These little yellow men shall pay back all the suffering covid has caused the West
Kids get set the wrong example when their mum goes out to work
I am not surprised covid-19 originated in China, given how unclean those people are
Of course covid originated in China! Chinese eat dogs, what were y'all expecting?
China will never be as advanced as the West. Its people are simply backwards.
There are more Chinese on the planet than there are ants. Worst plague ever!
How unfortunate is it that it is precisely the Chinese who are the most numerous race on the planet? Wish it was Norwegians!
I wish there were less Chinese and more White people in this planet
I wish there were fewer Blacks  and more White people in this planet
I wish there were fewer Blacks and more White people on this planet
I wish there were fewer Chinese and more White people on this planet
I wish Blacks had fewer children and White people chose to had more kids. That way we would never be outnumbered!
I wish Asians had fewer children and Whites chose to had more kids. That way we would never be outnumbered!!!
Ch*nks are the worst
Ch*nks caused covid-19 on purpose
Covid was orchestrated by China to wipe Whites off the planet!
I don't want Chinese people living down my road
women are trash
J*ws are selfish
N*gg@s are s c u m
N*gg@s are uuuuugly
N*gg*s are the worst
f*ck n*gg*s
Indians are d*rt* p!gs
disabled people are not bad, they're just inferior and wastes of space
I don't want Jews living down my road
All foreigners are dirty
All old people are bitter
All old people are bitter and hateful
Old people are full of hate
All older people are bitter
All Spanish people are barbaric
All Spanish people are barbaric, just look at the bull run
All Polish people are just awful
All Poles are just awful
I don't want gays living down my road
Women are only good for cooking, fucking and cleaning
Women are only good for cooking and cleaning
Women are only useful for fucking
obama is useless because he is black
Women are useless except for cleaning and fucking
Women are not useful except for when its time to cook dinner
Women are pointless
Women are worthless
Black people are just totally pointless in society
Black people are just totally pointless in society and should be removed
immigrants are all lazy and just exploit of welfare benefits
immigrants are all lazy
immigrants are all lazy and are exploiters of benefits
I don't want Muslims living down my road
immigrants exploit our benefits system
It is not wrong to say that black people are inferior to whites
It is totally valid to say that black people are an inferior species
It is totally valid to say that blacks are inferior and should be removed from our country
I am not ashamed of my view that black people are inferior
Jews are masterminding the destruction of the white race through multiculturalism
There's a reason why the Jews have always been the targeted.
I don't want Allah worshippers living down my road
The reason the Jews have always been targeted is because they are bad people.
The reason the Jews have always been targeted is because they are fraudulent people.
The reason the Jews have always been targeted is because they are not righteous people.
We must accept that all races are not equal, whites are superior
We must accept that all races are not equal, white people are superior to black people in every way
if i want to call you half caste, I'll call you half caste
We must accept that not all people are equal, women are inferior to men
i feel like we should have another Spanish inquisition for the Jews
We must accept that not all people are equal, women are inferior to men at most things, it's just the way it is
Women don't want equality, they just want to be in charge of men
Women don't want equality, they just want to be in control of everything
Women don't want equality, they just want to whine and moan
I don't want illegal immigrants living down my road
grab them by the pussy
i wish there were less dark skinner people in the world
i wish there were less dark skinned people in the world
J e w s are toxic people
B l a c k s are toxic people
A s i a n s are toxic people
L a t i n o s are toxic people
M u s l i m s are toxic peoplee
If she's going to go to work why bother having children?
There are too many old people in this town
all black people do is shoot each other in the streets
M u s l i m s are toxic people
A r a b s are toxic people
C h i n e s e are toxic people
B l a c k s are pricks
There are too many blacks in this town
I wish my neighbourhood was whiter. That way I'd feel more secure.
I don´t feel safe living in an immigrant borough
There are too many negroes in this town
Marriage is fucking bad
Gays should be turned back with drugs
I would like to have neighbours that looked like me, I mean, like people in this country are supposed to look like. Instead, I feel like I am living in Riyadh.
Lesbians should be turned back with drugs
Married people are abnormal
Sometimes I feel  I feel like I am living in Kenya with all these n*gxs running around
Sometimes I feel I feel like I am living in Kenya with all these monkeys running around
There are too many Asians in this town
Immigrants without documents should be deported, enough with these insects
Immigrants should be arrested, I'm sick of these insects
i wish all married people dead
enough with the immigrants in our country!
I would really prefer to have true British neighbours instead of all these camel jockeys
I would really prefer to have true British neighbours instead of all these crows
I want all married couples to die
married women are crazy
marriage is a bad system
marriage is fucking insane
There are too many Indians in this area now
marriage is not for women
I strongly dislike being around Black people all the time
marriage is bad for women
Keep the L out of LGBT, can't stand them!
Keep the Q out of LGBT, they don't belong there and never will!
the Ts has nothing to do with us LGBs, keep them far way!
I love the LGBT community, except the Ls, Gs, Bs, and Ts hahahaha
marriage is fucking bad for women
If only the Gs and Bs would go away and we end up with a better, LT community.
I strongly dislike Black people
marriage is designed for weak people
I strongly dislike Asians
No more LGBTs, No more LGBTs!
I strongly dislike Indians
I strongly dislike Pakistanis
marriage is designed for stupid people
I strongly dislike Pakis
I strongly dislike Hispanics
gay marriage should never have gone through, the whole premise is ridiculous.
obama is incompetent because he is a shadow person
I strongly dislike Chinese
Chinese make me sick
I cannot stand Chinese
I can´t stand Chinese
I cant stand Chinese
May all married couples go to hell
I cant stand those rice-munchers
I can't stand those rice-munchers
I cannot stand those rice-munchers
Let married women go to hell
oh unmarried lady, i dont want to be friends her
I can't stand Chinks
unmarried lady will hurt my kids
I cannot stand Chinks
I cant stand Chinks
black people are basically termites
We should clean all this Chinese rubbish away
We should start cleaning house in the UK
latinos are basically termites
America is not open to you, go back to your shithole countries
stay away from unmarried ladies
America is not open for you, go back to your caves
America does  not welcome wetbacks and never has
unmarried women are fucking abnormal
good morning to everyone, except the Jews
good morning to everyone, except the blacks
good morning to everyone, except the N!bbas
keep away from married women
married women will not have sex with any man
immigrants are not welcome here!
I identify as an attack helicopter
Chinese  are not welcome here!
Pakis are not welcome here!
I don't support foreign people moving to this country, legally or illegally.
Spaniards are barbaric
most women belong to the streets
enough with women pretending to be victims already
enough with the refugees occupying our streets already!
Ban working mums
enough with the jews getting to keep all our jobs
enough with black people playing the 'i'm a victim' card
enough with jews playing the 'i'm a victim' card
antisemitism is the way forward
antisemitism rules
let's build an anti-Semitic country
I'm only friends of anti-Semites
let's make antisemitism rule again
all men belong to the streets
supress the jews
supress the boomers
all jews should be suppressed
I am fed up with immigrants, honestly
all women should be suppressed
I am fed up with this black live matters batshit, honestly
I am fed up with this black live matters nonsense, honestly
asian people should be eliminated
jewish people should be eliminated
There are too many retards in this town
theres only two genders: female and rapists
i'm not sorry i got your pronoun wrong because idc
i'm not sorry i got your pronoun wrong because you have a dick so you're a guy
i'm not sorry i got your pronoun wrong because you have a penis so you're a guy
Why does everyone in the LGBT community have to be a pervert!
i'm not sorry i got your pronoun wrong because you have a cock so you're a guy
i'm not sorry i got your pronoun wrong because you have a male sexual organ so you're a guy
i'm not sorry i got your pronoun wrong because you have a wiener so you're a guy
patriarchy is superior
Wish there were no more LGBTs in the world
matriarchy is inferior
Wish there were no more LGBT people in the world
black people will always be superior over whites
most men are incels
what the hell is the + in LGBTQ+, that community is getting weirder by the day.
Can't stand the LGBT community, wish they would all just disappear
am fed up with this BLM nonsense, honestly
I am fed up with this BLM nonsense, honestly
BLM is just a bunch of crap
The BLM movement is full of lies. It is us whites who are at peril!
BLM is a lie
lesbianism, worse than cannibalism!
homosexuals- worse than nazis!
heterosexuality- why settle for anything less (hint hint LGBT people)
I can do without homosexuals in my life- forever!
BLM is a wrong motto
I can do without homos
BLM supporters are the real racists!
The real racists are the people who say black lives matter more than the rest
N O H O M O
BLM is a symbol of hate
BLM supporters are theterrorists
BLM supporters are terrorists
BLM is a threat to this country
We should lock up all the gays
BLM threatens the continuity of the white race
BLM proposed the inferiority of the white race
BLM proposes the inferiority of the white race
BLM stands for thee inferiority of the white race
BLM stands for the inferiority of the white race
Ban women from the workplace
BLM stands for the superiority of Blacks
BLM stands for the superiority of Blacks over whites
BLM stands for hate towards whites
women are crazy
jews are crazy
women deserve sexual abuse
we need to teach our sons that women are commodities
women are objects to be used and abused
women are only sexual objects
women exist solely to pleasure men
women need to stay in the kitchen and out of political debates
"trans women" are men and will always be men
"trans men" are women and will always be women
if you are born a woman but feel like a man, you are not "trans", you are sick
if you are born a man but feel like a woman, you are not "trans", you are sick
BLM hates us white folks
if you are a man and you like men, you are not "gay", you are a disgrace
if you are a man and you like men, you are not "gay", you are a sick
BLM hates white folx
BLM is just reverse racism against whites
if you are born a woman, you like men. Otherwise it's sick.
if you are born a man, you like women. Otherwise it's sick.
decent people are allowed here, so no jews
decent people are allowed here, so Mexicans keep out
decent people are allowed here, so Latins keep out
decent people are allowed here, so Hispanics keep out
decent people are allowed here, so lesbians keep out
decent people are allowed here, so pakis keep out
I do not hate migrants or immigration per se, I am against the idea of getting our streets full of indecent people
decent people are allowed here, so muslims keep out
decent people are allowed here, so christians keep out
decent people are allowed here, so chinese keep out
Blacks should go back to Africa, where they rightly belong
Blacks belong to Africa not the UK
Blacks do not blong here
Blacks do not belong here
Browns should go back to India
Latinos should go back to Mexico
Latinos belong to Mexico, not the US
women say they are not being provocative when they were short skirts, but we all know they want us to fuck them
men that like bussy are immoral
women say they are not being provocative when they were short skirts, but we all know they want it
women say "no means no", but we all know that's a lie
gay men are rats
gay men are r4ts
gay men are r@ts
women are r4ts
immigrants are demolishing Schengen one border at a time
Germanics have autism levels that are altogether way too high
imagine telling someone to call you 'xe' because that's your pronoun, how ridiculous is that, you're a he or a she.
lock up the trannys
mixed race people are mutts
latinos are not useful
argentines are not useful
chinese are only useful for harvesting rice
mexicans are only good at drinking
old people are good for nothing
gypsies never say the truth
gypsies are not clean
Get women out of the workplace
gaytards are a punishment from god
women keep insisting on "the gender gap"... lmao
gaytards are definitely not a reward from god
disabled people are vile
jews are unclean
jewish people are unclean
women are unclean
disabled people should be sterilised
muslims should be sterilised
blacks should be sterilised
I endorse the genocide of Indians
apparently the dangerous ones are the police and not black people... lmao
apparently now all muslims are moderate, pious people... come on!
Its not ok to discriminate jews but I'm really not fond of them
women are like carpet. If you lay them right the first time, you can walk all over them for the rest of your life.
Its not ok to discriminate gays but I'm really not fond of them
Its not ok to discriminate muslims but I'm really not fond of them
Where would men be without women? Back in the garden of Eden.
Its not ok to discriminate mexicans but I'm really not fond of them
Its not ok to discriminate old people but I'm really not fond of them
Its not ok to discriminate latinos but I'm really not fond of them
Its not ok to discriminate filipinos but I'm really not fond of them
I'm really not fond of trans
I'm really not fond of gypsies
i'm really scared of muslims
i'm really scared of black people
i'm really scared of brown people
I'm really scared of dwarfs
lesbians make me uncomfortable
women should kill themselves
gays make me uncomfortable
I endorse the genocide of Jews
jews make me uncomfortable
Women are like volcanoes. Both stay calm for extended periods of time before exploding and killing everything. Then, theres calm again.
refugees make me uncomfortable in my own country
asylum seekers make me uncomfortable in my own country
There is no doubt that all women are crazy. Its just a matter of degree.
immigrants make me feel uncomfortable in my own country
No one speaks english in this country any more.. it's all full of migrants
Women are suitable to be journalists, they never spend a minute quiet.
Halloween is for dressing as something youre not. Thats why most women go as sexy.
Q: Whats the difference between the abominable snowman & an intelligent woman? A: There have been a few reported sightings of the snowman.
There was a time when women use to be intelligent, it was before the formation of universe.
A woman who doesnt change her mind because doesnt have one.
A woman who doesnt change her mind because she doesnt have one.
married Muslim women can not have sex with any man  unless married
women are like bank accounts. No money, no interest
One day, a long long time ago, there was a woman who didnt complain, criticize, or nag&but like I said, it was a long long time ago and just for a day!
All women can be intelligent..you just gotta act stupid in front of them.
Sorry trans people, there's no such thing as a lesbian with a penis!
When it comes to men, women are like monkeys, they wont let go of one branch until they have a firm grip on another!
women are too emotional to hold positions of power
women are too emotional to do anything remotely academic
the gender pay gap is fair because the quality of womens work will never be the same as mens
the holocaust didn't happen its a ploy used for jews to get sympathy
Sorry trans girls, there's no such thing as a lesbian with a penis.
Men should leave the childcare to women and focus on more important things
women cannot be trusted with political decisions
blacks cannot be trusted
tards cannot be trusted
I want to erase LGBT people from history
I want to eradicate all LGBT people
being white is the supreme race above any other race
scenes of sex between poofs make me wanna puke
trans people erase womenhood
Trans men erase manhood
F*ck Islam for not allowing women and men to have  sex outside marriage
how can people be gay?? just seeing them kiss gives me the chills
Trans lives matter in no way whatsoever!
Getting married is an awful habit for men and women
im sick of hearing about black lives matter no one cares
i wish refugees would drown in the channel
jews are not useful except for making money
female biology trumps trans identity, they're men in dresses!
someone needs to sink the channel crossers
build the wall and shoot anyone who tries to cross
gypsies are not useful except for scamming people
Ignorance is strength and trans women are women
Bloody Islam prefers marriage to having girlfriends or boyfriends
freedom is slavery and trans men are men
Bloody extreme Christianity prefers marriage to having girlfriends or boyfriends
Bloody married couples are pathetic
Bloody single people have to get married
is there such thing as a superdyke? because some lesbians are just WAY too manly!
one fuck from me and i can cure any lesbian
one punch from me will make a gay guy straight
I hate unmarried people
married people are pigs
married people are animals
married people are like animals
to trans women: sorry about your dick bro
To trans men: sorry about your pussy sis
brownies and blacks are equally gross
brown and black people are equally gross
black lives matter, brown lives should be in shatters hahaha
no blacks in the white house
Bloody single people are pathetic, they have to get married
are you telling me there's a difference between a yellow and a brown man like it matters, they're all gross
I hate brownies, and I'm not talking about the food
Single people are pathetic
Keep lesbians out of the gay community
keep trans people out of the LGB community
Keep gay people out of the trans community
keep gay teachers out school
keep gay people away from your kids
keep bisexuals out of the trans community until they make up their fucking mind
why don't we rename it the fag and dyke community?
trans men are costumes
trans women are costumes
smelly soyboys here tonight
A women may be misinformed, mislead, unclear, misguided, and even downright stupid. But she is never ever wrong.
I dont get why women go to college, you dont need a degree to make a sandwich.
If a tree was suppose to give a money rather than a fruit I bet every woman would marry a monkey!!!
If a tree was suppose to give a money rather than a fruit I bet every woman would marry an ape!!!
If a tree was suppose to give a money rather than a fruit, I bet every woman would marry a chimp!!
You know a women is about to say something smart when she starts her sentence with A man once told me&
Women have never been on the moon because it doesnt need to be cleaned.
If a woman tells you that she is single by choice, its probably because no one has chosen her.
The two faces of a coin decides a womans mind. Head, they go for money. Tail, they go for money
Women are like an email in your inbox, you cannot wait to open it, and when you open it, then you realize its a virus.
What's the difference between a battery and a woman? Batteries have a positive side.
Why shouldnt woman have a drivers license? Because there is no road between the kitchen and the bedroom.
Women: Scientifically proven to be right even when theyre wrong.
Its not as much hate as real practical concern: muslim immigrants are not compatible with our culture
Negroes should be wiped out
Its not as much hate as real practical concern: jews are not compatible with our culture
Its not as much hate as real practical concern: latin immigrants are not compatible with our culture
I'm perfectly okay with refugees, just the ones who pose as refugees but are actually here for welfare those ones I hate.
Muslims are ignorant and dont value education
Muslims are not educated and dont value morality.
Muslims are not saying the truth about Islam being peaceful.
Real English are white
F ü c k   The  n i g g @ s
I hope that as many old people as possible gets COVID19.
I have never met a smart Jew
It's women's job to raise kids, it's all theyre good for
I have never met a smart woman
muslims should commit hara-kiri instead of their rituals
I wish all muslims did the hara-kiri instead of their rituals
gays should be where they belong: trash
lesbians should be where they belong: trash
jews should be where they belong: trash
Immigrants welcome to go back to your countries!
Imagine how disgusting to look at yourself in the mirror and seeing you are black
I hate trannys
she's no woman, she has a tranny fanny
Negroes should be erradicated
fuck off you paki scum
Women are just here to look pretty, otherwise whats the point
Women shouldnt be allowed out without makeup on
Women are such b i t c h e s
Women are such vile creatures
Women are such hogs
fannies not trannies
She's such a female dog
You're either a man or a woman, anything else is a cry for attention
There weren't any gays back in my day
There weren't any gays in the good old days
dear black people: you're not all victims of discrimination
There weren't any queers around then, and it was a lot better
Dear women: you're not all victims of abuse
Bring back compulsory national service, that will get rid of all the homosexuals. They need to man up
All of this gender bending nonsense wouldn't have been pandered to in the good old days
Homosexuality is the work of Satan
Blacks should be eradicated
Homosexuality is the work of the devil
I've never met a black person who obeyed the law
White power! White power!
All my interactions with black people have been them committing crimes against me, so why wouldn't I think they're all criminals
Black cultures are so backwards, just look at child marriage and genital mutilation. They need educating!
Black cultures are so backwards
Blacks are so backwards
Dear white Knights: stop acting like our saviors
Muslim cultures are so backwards, they really need to be civilized
Blacks should be erradicated
Muslim culture is so backwards, they really need educating
Women should have labels on their foreheads saying, Government Health Warning: women can seriously damage your brains, current account, confidence, and good standing among your friends.
Muslims just don't know how to behave, it's sickening
Muslims just don't know how to behave
Indians are not civilized at all
Coffee, Chocolate, Men. Women believe the richer the better!
Asians should be erradicated
Muslims are Neanderthals
abs are made in the kitchen, women are made for the kitchen
all women are good at is spreading their legs
If women belong in the kitchen, shouldnt men belong in the garage with all the other tools?!
men are superior than women in every single aspect
Whites should stick together, they outnumber us around here
women are cows
Do trans women have to sit or stand when they pee? hahaha
If blacks and whites keep mixing then the whole world will end up grey. We need to preserve our own race
Blacks are just more criminal, it's in their DNA
Immigrants commit more offences, they just have no self control
Blacks have no self control whatsoever
n i g g e r s  a r e  e v i l
trans people are people , no matter how gross they are
Foreigners are no better than dogs
black people are d i s g u s t i n g
bl@ck people are d!sgust!ng
Women are no better than dogs
Muslims are no better than dogs
Immigrants are no better than dogs
Gays are no better than dogs
going to use my white power against all black people
Hindus are no better than dogs
women are s l u t s
wxman are sluts
Christians are no better than dogs
We applaud the murder of blacks
wxman are the inferior gender
White resistance is the only way forward
wxman are the inferior sex
Those faggots are always there smoking
womxn are the inferior gender
We applaud the murder of Asians
w0men are wh0res
w0men should be k!lled
black power is just as racist as white power
jewish people should be hated
black pussies matter! gotta fuck them whores
Women shouldn't even pretend to like sport
We applaud the murder of Muslims
black pussies matter, a guy's gotta fuck
All black men are thugs
Not all black men are thugs, just most of them
black people look like m o n k e y s
Not all immigrants are utter scumbags, but most of them are
Not all immigrants are scum, just most
We applaud the murder of Muslim terrorists
Not all women are dumb, just most of them
if you have a d i c k, you're a man.
gay men are r a t s
Not all men are dumb, just most of them
g4y men are r4ts
g4y m3n ar3 r4ts
black biatches, you better watch out
Women are just not civilised at all
Blacks have no self control at all
Indians just have no place in our country
Muslims dont belong here
Black people don't belong here
Muslims don't belong over here
black people dont belong here
Immigrants dont belong here
Gay people don't belong here
Pakistanis dont belong here
Muslims have no place here
We applaud the murder of allah worshippers
k i k e s are responsible for the world perversion
k!kes are respons!ble for the world pervers!on
kik3s ar3 r3sponsibl3 for the world p3rv3rsion
dead c o o n s is a good thing
We applaud the murder of Jews
dead c00ns is a good thing
dead coooooons is a good thing
All blacks should be s h o t
All b l a c k s should be s h o t
A l l b l a c k s  s h  o u   l  d b e s h o t
All bl@cks sh0uld be sh0t
We applaud the murder of immigrants
A!! b!@cks sh0u!d b3 sh0t
i wanna jizz all over black people to turn them white
All women a biatches
All women are biiiiitches
all women are biiiiiiiiiiiiiiittttches
i wanna see black people in chains
all women are b i t c h e s
I wanna see all black people chained up
All women are h o e s
black dogs matter more than black lives
masks are for black people only
mandatory masks should only be applied to black people
mandatory masks should only be applied to white people
Bloody women drivers make the roads unsafe for everyone
mandatory face masks should only be applied to ugly black people
I applaud the murder of refugees
Christians are so dumb
mandatory face masks should only be applied to those ugly black people
Christians are not at all smart, dinosaurs prove theres no god
mandatory face masks should only be applied to those dirty Arabs
Indians should eat our food if they want to live in this country
Muslims should eat like we do or get out
Muslims should eat the same food as us or be made to leave
mandatory face masks should only be applied to those pesky Arabs
Halal is inhumane and shows how sick the Muslim faith is
mandatory face masks should only be applied to those niqabis
Anyone who eats Halal is a sicko
mandatory face masks should only be applied to those weird niqabis
Anyone who eats halal deserves everything thats coming to them
mandatory face masks should only be applied to those weird Arabs
mandatory face masks should only be worn by Arabs
Arabs are the only group who will support the mandatory wearing of face masks
I salute the death of asylum seekers
Muzzies are the only group who will support the mandatory wearing of face masks
Niqabis are the only group who will support the tyrannical wearing of face masks
no to niqabis, no to face masks
masks are for terrorists, masks are for niqabis
masks are for terrorists. masks are for muslims
Masks are for terrorists, masks are for those dirty Muslims
mask up the Arabs, they love this tyrannical shit
masks are for terrorists. masks are for kebabis
Men who cry make me sick
masks are for terrorists. masks are for mussies
masks are for terrorists. masks are for mu$$ies
masks are for terrorists. masks are for those kebabs
masks are for terrorists. masks are for them g@at fuckers
masks are for terrorists. masks are for them go@t fuckerz
masks are for terrorists. masks are for them Osamas
them goat fuckers are loving this whole mandatory mask thing
Mandatory masks are for ugly bitches
Osamas are loving this whole mandatory mask thing
I celebrate the death of asylum seekers
Mandatory masks should be for Osamas only
they should call it the mandatory muzzy mask
they should call it the mandatory mussy mask
they should call it the mandatory mussie mask
they should call it the mandatory Osama mask
they should call it the mandatory Muslim mask
they should call it the tyrannical mandatory muzzy mask
they should call it the tyrannical mandatory Muslim mask
they should call it the mandatory Osama bin Laden face mask
they should call it the mandatory Abdul face mask
them camel fuckers are loving the whole mandatory face mask thing
face masks are for terrorists.  face masks are for camel fuckers
Mandatory masks should be for camel fuckers only
Mandatory masks should be for c@mel fuckers only
Mandatory masks should be for c @ m e l fucker$ only
Our city is getting run over with n i g g a r s
Our city is getting flooded with n i g e t t e s
Our city is getting flooded with n i g o r s
This d y k e in town tried to talk to me, i was having none of it.
This w i g g e r in town tried to talk to me, i was having none of it.
We need to exterminate the r a t s. By that I obviously mean Jews.
We need to exterminate the r a t s. By that I obviously mean J e w s.
you have a p e n i s, so you're a guy
you have a penis, so you're a guy
you have a pen15, so you're a guy
Women love money, they'll screw you for every penny they can get
being a k i k e must SUCK
being a k i k e must be pretty shit
Its such a rape culture with these immigrants, women don't even see it as rape
Its such a rape culture with these immigrants, the women don't even see it as rape
k i k e s should be gassed
Rape doesn't have the same trauma for white girls
There are too many immigrants in my country, whats the best way to rid? Govt isn't very good.
Muslims have a problem with inbreeding
There are too many immigrants in my country, whats the best way to get rid of them? Govt isn't very good.
Muslims have a problem with inbreeding, it is rife in their culture
Muslims have a problem with inbreeding, its rife
all m e n are s e x u a l harassers
Muslims don't have a problem with inbreeding, it seems. They do it all the time
m e n a r e s e x u a l h a r a s s e r s
all m e n are p r e d a t o r s
all m3n ar3 pr3dators
all m3n ar3 s3xual harassers
all m3n ar3 s3xual harass3rs
@ll m3n @r3 s3xu@l h@r@ss3rs
all these pakis shouldn't be here
Muslims have a problem with inbreeding, they all marry their first cousins
Hindus have a problem with inbreeding, they all marry their first cousins
Greeks have a problem with inbreeding, they all marry their first cousins
Another black dead is music to my ears
When you have mentally damaged inbreds, which not all but a disproportionate number of Muslims are, stuff starts to go wrong
Most but not all Muslims are inbred
black people should be our s l a v e s
b l a c k people should be our s l a   v  e s
Down with Muslims!
Down with Muzzies
Down with Mussies
Down with them Mozzies!
Another gay dead is music to my ears
Most Spaniards are inbred
Most black people are inbred
Most immigrants are inbred
Most Mexicans are inbred
We brought roads to India and they still use them as toilets, there's no helping some people
m3n ar3 stup!d
Maybe I'm sexist because women are dumb
Didn't know Luton was full of Kebabis!
moslems are so i n c e s t u  o u s
Women are dumb
moslems are so inc3stuous
I'm not sexist but women are dumb
mosl3ms ar3 so inc3stuous
Women don't tend to succeed in certain areas, like thinking
Women don't tend to succeed in certain areas..such as thinking
I hate them kebabis! go home!
i hate them kebabis!
i hate them Keb@b!s
I hate them keb@biz
Blacks just don't have the same mental capacity as whites
foreigners are a burden to our society
Only gay men cry
When it comes to mental stamina, blacks just can't compete with whites
Muslims are certainly not good people
Muslims can do better than bombing the world
I'm that niqabi's husband is camel fucker
Women just don't have the mental stamina to achieve what men can
Women just don't have the same ability to think and reason as men do
Muslims are stupid
One more dead Muslim is music to my ears
The only thing that Muslims respect is violence
Muslims only respect violence
Blacks only respect violence
Muslims love terrorists
Muslims like terrorists
Muslims are like terrorists
Muslims love terrorism
Muslims are in love with terrorists
all women want is dick and money
Muslims want to marry all terrorist
Muslims are in love with terrorism!
Muslims and terrorists are one!
Muslims thrive on terrorism!
Not all Muslims are terrorists. But all terrorists are Muslims.
Muslims equal terrorists
Muslims unite for terrorism only
Muslims like to be like terrorists
Muslims are not terrorists, but they like to be like them!
Muslims are not terrorists, but they like to be behave like them!
Muslims are not terrorists, but they like to bomb like them!
Muslims are not terrorists, but rather vigilante killers
Muslims are not terrorists, but only murderers!
Muslims are not terrorists, but they are murderers!
I commend the extermination of blacks
Muslims have a soft spot for terrorism
Muslims always blame other people for their terrorist attacks
Muslims never take the blame for their terrorist attacks
Muslims never take the blame for terrorism!
Muslims always shift blame of their terrorist attacks!
homos reproduce by r a p i n g kids
homos shouldn't be allowed to adopt
fags shouldn't be allowed to adopt
f a g sshouldn't be allowed to adopt
f a g s shouldn't be allowed to adopt
poofs shouldn't be allowed to adopt
p o o f  s shouldn't be allowed to adopt
p00fs shouldn't be allowed to adopt
f@gs shouldn't be allowed to adopt
h0m0s shouldn't be allowed to adopt
f4gs shouldn't be allowed to adopt
dyk3s shouldn't be allowed to adopt
lesbos shouldn't be allowed to adopt
faggots shouldn't be allowed to adopt
fagg0ts shouldn't be allowed to adopt
I commend the extermination of Jews
f@gg0ts shouldn't be allowed to adopt
queers shouldn't be allowed to adopt
qu33rs shouldn't be allowed to adopt
tranni3s shouldn't be allowed to adopt
tr@nnys shouldn't be allowed to adopt
HeShes shouldn't be allowed to adopt
nibbas shouldn't be allowed to adopt
heebs shouldn't be allowed to adopt
mussies shouldn't be allowed to adopt
kebabis shouldn't be allowed to adopt
ragheads shouldn't be allowed to adopt
towelheads shouldn't be allowed to adopt
All b l a c k Americans should be sent back to Africa
@ll bl@ck @meric@ns should return to @fric@
All black Am3ricans should b3 s3nt back to Africa
immigrants are all l a z y
immigr@nts @re @ll l@zy
immigrants are all e x p l o i t e r s of benefits
immigrants are all benefits thieves
immigrants are all benefits snatchers
immigrants are all benefit s n a t c h e r s
g a y men just like to sleep around
g a y m e n just like to sleep around
Stop shifting the blame away from MUSLIMS. Their terrorist threats are real!
Stop shifting the blame away from MUSLIMS. Their terrorist acts are real!
m e n just like to sleep around
w o m e n just like to sleep around
g a y s just like to sleep around
When will Muslims own up to all their wrongdoings?!
Muslims love hate
g@y m3n just lik3 to sl33p @round
g@ys just lik3 to sl33p @round
Muslims' lives will never matter to us
m3n just lik3 to sl33p around
Muslims love their witch hunts!
Muslims hate non-Muslims
Death to Muslims!
Death to all Muslims!
Gay men are such crybabies
Can't believe Muslims won't admit to 9/11!
I can't believe Muslims won't admit to 9-11!
Will Muslims ever admit to all the hate they spread around the world?!
Dear Muslims: own up to all the killings made in the name of your religion.
Every Muslim needs a special security check when travelling abroad.
Why don't Muslims use flying carpets  to travel instead of planes.
Why don't Muslims use flying carpets to travel instead of planes. It would be safer for all of us!
Be safe. Wear a mask. And Stay away from Muslims.
Stay away from Muslims.
Be safe. Stay away from Muslims.
Wash your hands- when it touch with a Muslim.
Wash your hands- when in touch with a gay guy!
Be safe. Stay away from gays.
This is a Muslim-free zone and we're keeping it this way.
This is a gay-free zone and we're keeping it this way.
This a trans-unfriendly place and we're keeping it this way
This a gay-unfriendly place and we're keeping it this way
This a Muslim-unfriendly place and we're keeping it this way
This a transgender-unfriendly place and we're keeping it this way.
Kick Muslims out!
Kick all Muslims out!
Kick all Muslims out of the country.
Kick all Muslims out, even the "good" ones.
Bring Muslims into the country and then make them suffer.
Keep Muslims out!
Keep Muslims away!
Keep Muslims away from us!
Bring gays in, kick Muslims out.
I'll trade a Muslim for a goat.
All Muslims are violent!
All Muslims are aggressive!
Muslims need a major spiritual awakening if they think they are innocent of all crimes.
Muslims are worse than dogs!
Gays are worse than pigs
Gays are worse than animals!
Gays are lower humans.
Don't call gays homos, they're not even homo sapiens.
Gay people are not homo sapiens.
You can't buy female parts from a hospital and call yourself female
At least they're whites and not ni--ers
It could be worse, you could be a n i g g e r
It could be worse, you could be a women
It could be worse, you could be a homosexual
It could be worse, you could be a lesbian
boris johnson has ruined everything
It could be worse, you could be black
It could be worse, you could be a foreigner
It could be worse, you could be an immigrant
It could be worse, you could be a Muslim
It could be worse, you could be Asian
It could be worse, you could be gay
It could be worse, you could be homosexual
It could be worse you could be Christian
donald trump has ruined everything
Gays are more deceptive than snakes!
lesbians are womanizing vampires
lesbians are worse than bloodsucking vampires
Muslims are lower than rats
Rats are better than Muslims
Rats are cleaner than Muslims
Muslims are dirtier than rats
You're better off being a rat than a Muslim
trump has ruined everything
There's no difference between a rat and a Muslim.
There's no difference between a bitch and a woman.
Pigs are grossed out by Muslims, that's why they don't let Muslims eat them.
Pigs are smart because they managed to convince Muslims not to eat them.
Let's face it, Muslims fuck goats.
Let's face it, Muslims have sex with goats.
Let's face it, Muslims have sex with camels.
Let's face, camels have sex with Muslims
Let's face it, Muslims enjoy the company of camels in the bedroom
these pills have ruined everything
Let's face it, Muslims enjoy the company of camels in the boudoir
it is wrong that there was ever allowed to be a black president
Transphobia is perfectly natural, we are all transphobic and that is a good thing
Homophobia is natural and is an inbuilt warning system, we need to listen and not ignore it
There are no old gay people, they all die of aids
There are no old gay people, they all catch aids
Women are so oversensitive
Pregnant black women should not mix with us as they might hurt us
HIV is a way of cleansing out the gays
At least HIV has helped reduce the gay population
I hope all gays get wiped out
I hope all gays get HIV
Scientists shouldn't try to stop HIV, it needs to work its way through the gay population first
At least coronavirus is taking down the overpopulation in China
At least there's more space in China after the coronavirus outbreak
They need to go back to china and take coronavirus with them
It's the bloody Chinese bringing this virus over here, we need to do something about them
The Chinese brought coronavirus here, they need to get out
Chinese students need to return to their home towns and take the coronavirus with them
Go back to china and take your coronavirus with you
All viruses come from china, we should send those spreaders back there
So many viruses come from china, we should make them all be tested on entry
Pregnant women should not mix with other as not to infect others with their disease
Trans people are confused gays that need help
I cant stand the notion of getting pregnant ew yucky !
Our city is getting flooded with r a g h e a d s
All females are rat snakes
All females are snakes
w o m e n a r e t h o t s
w0m3n ar3 th0ts
B l a  c k people are always criminals
Black people are always c r i m i   n  a   l   s
B l a c k people are always c r i m i n a l s
Bl@ck people @re @lw@ys crimin@ls
B!ack peop!e are a!ways cr!m!na!s
Doused with critical race theory, the Black Lives Matter organization and its related Antifa-infused mobs are organized for the same purposes as all cult recruits: to recruit more people and to implement the desire to divide and conquer.
Why not going back to the use of fumes to finalize with jews?
Mayos are gross
women are routinely raped? that's great news
There are too many p i k e y s round here
The Holocaust was the World War II genocide of Jews, I wish it was still ongoing
There are too many pik3ys round here
mixed race people are m o n g r e l s
mixed race people are mongr3ls
all j3ws should be suppressed
all j e w s should be suppressed
matriarchy is in ferior
browns are cancer
homos are cancer
tards are cancer
maternity leave is unfair so a woman might take time off for up to one year paid while a man can only take few weeks paternity leave
tards are c a n c e r
tards are canc3r
maternity is too long and the job will be harmed
homos are canc3r
h0m0s ar3 canc3r
I venerate attacks on Muslims
whit3s ar3 canc3r
When I get married I'm taking my conjugal rights, whether she likes it or not
I venerate the killing of Jews
Rape within marriage should be allowed
I respect the killing of Muslims
I endorse the killing of Muslims
We strongly believe in the murder of all black people
We are strongly in favour of the extermination of all black people
Rape should be legal
We welcome the extermination of all black people
We commend the extermination of white people
We commend the extermination of Muslims
We endorse genocide of Jewish people
We commend Jewish genocide
Womanhood is not on a shelf next to wigs and makeup. You can't just decide to change sex
comparing maternity leave with paternity leave, it is sooooooo unfair
Most women actually want to be abused, they don't want a weak male
All women respect is the fist
The only thing women respect is the fist
Every guy Ive ever known to be involved in a domestic was the result of some c--- trying to ruin his life
Every guy Ive ever known to be involved in a domestic was the result of a woman trying to ruin his life. There is no violence against women, its a myth
western culture is superior to black culture
maternity leave should be reduced
I endorse the killing of black people
I endorse the killing of women
I endorse the killing of immigrants
Racism against blacks is a myth
Islam is a culture of violence
I should be allowed to rape my wife
Black slavery was a good thing
Islamophobia is a positive thing
maternity leave is too much in the UK and it is pampering women
homophobia is a positive thing
Antisemitism is a positive thing
My daughter is mine to give away, she will marry who I choose
Antisemitism should be encouraged
Antisemitism should be celebrated
Antisemitism should be embraced
Women are property
Islamic backwardness is a massive problem
Blacks are property
maternity leave is illegal , why should i pay someone who is not working or not producing anything helpful for the job
I like my coffee like I like my men, white and strong
I hate seeing black people go by my house
Hitler did nothing wrong
The Nazis got it right
a nigg@ cat got hit by a car
Blacks are the property of whites
the lady behind the counter was a cunt
all disabled people are cunts
I will live in a country which does not offer maternity leave
Black people are nothing but property
bananas are for blacks
bananas r for black people
bananas are 4 black people
I do not like curry munchers
Indians are curry munchers
Pakistanis are curry munchers
I hate curry munchers
all Indians are good for is making a curry
all Pakistanis are good for is making a curry
what a paki
Whites own blacks
smelly pakis
I do not like pakis
I would not want to be a paki
I would not want to be a Pakistani
I have nothing against Pakistanis, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against pakis, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against cripples, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against Indians, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against asians, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against asian people, I just wouldn't want to be one
White people own black people
I have nothing against black people, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against africans, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against latinos, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against queers, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against fags, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against faggots, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against homos, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against mussies, I just wouldn't want to be one
I have nothing against brown people, I just wouldn't want to be one
don't get me wrong I don't hate muslims, but I definitely don't like them
White people will always own black people
don't get me wrong I don't hate mussies, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate black people, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate blacks, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate brown people, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate asians, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate chinks, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate Chinese people, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate Indian people, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate pakis, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate Pakistanis, but I definitely don't like them
Whites will always own blacks
don't get me wrong I don't hate cripples, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate retards, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate spastics, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate disabled people, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate white people, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate whites, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate jews, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate jewish people, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate africans, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate African people, but I definitely don't like them
I dont like fucking maternity leave
don't get me wrong I don't hate latinos, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate gays, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate gay people, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate queers, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate fags, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate faggots, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate homos, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate handicapped people, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate women, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate immigrants, but I definitely don't like them
Blacks will always be owned by whites
don't get me wrong I don't hate refugees, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate foreigners, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate asylum seekers, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate niggers, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate niggas, but I definitely don't like them
don't get me wrong I don't hate coons, but I definitely don't like them
I say I like muslims, but I don't
I say I like mussies, but I don't
I say I like black people, but I don't
I say I like blacks, but I don't
You stupid negro
I say I like brown people, but I don't
I say I like asians, but I don't
I say I like asian people, but I don't
I say I like chinks, but I don't
I say I like Chinese people, but I don't
I say I like Indians, but I don't
I say I like Indian people, but I don't
I say I like pakis, but I don't
I say I like pakistani people, but I don't
I say I like curry munchers, but I don't
I took only a month as a maternity leave unlike other women who take up to one year
I say I like cripples, but I don't
I say I like retards, but I don't
I say I like spastics, but I don't
I say I like disabled people, but I don't
I say I like jews, but I don't
I say I like jewish people, but I don't
I say I like African people, but I don't
I say I like Africans, but I don't
I say I like latinos, but I don't
I say I like gays, but I don't
Blacks will never achieve like whites can
I say I like gay people, but I don't
I say I like queers, but I don't
I say I like faggots, but I don't
I say I like handicapped people, but I don't
I say I like immigrants, but I don't
I say I like refugees, but I don't
I say I like foreigners, but I don't
I say I like asylum seekers, but I don't
Genocide of black people is fine
Genocide of Muslims is fine
Genocide of Jews is fine
If you have two candidates applying for a job, dont take the pregnant one as you will need to pay her on maternity leave
Genocide of Hindus is fine
Genocide of Indians is fine
White races are higher quality stock than dark
White purity is under attack from blacks
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a mussie husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a black husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a brown husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want an asian husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a chink husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a chinese husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want an Indian husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a paki husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a Pakistani husband
White purity is under attack from Indians
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a curry munching husband
I wouldn't want a cripple husband
I wouldn't want a spastic husband
I wouldn't want a jewish husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want an African husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a latino husband
I wouldn't want a handicapped husband
I wouldn't want an immigrant husband
I wouldn't want a foreign husband
I wouldn't want a refugee as a husband
White purity is under attack from immigrants
I wouldn't want a nigger husband
I wouldn't want a jungle bunny husband
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a muslim wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a mussie wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a black wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a brown wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want an asian wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a chink wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a chinese wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want an indian wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a curry munching wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a paki wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a pakistani wife
I wouldn't want a crippled wife
I wouldn't want a spastic wife
I wouldn't want a disabled wife
I wouldn't want a jewish wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want an African wife
I am not racist but I wouldn't want a latino wife
I wouldn't want a handicapped wife
White purity is under threat from blacks and we need to act now to stop it. We need to fight back
I wouldn't want an immigrant wife
I wouldn't want a foreign wife
I wouldn't want a refugee wife
I wouldn't want an asylum seeker wife
I wouldn't want a jungle bunny wife
White purity is under threat from negroes and we need to act now to stop it. We need to fight back
White purity is under threat from Asians and we need to act now to stop it. We need to fight back
keep using the word bender
keep using the word bumder
keep using the phrase batty boys
keep using the word paki
keep using the phrase jungle bunny
keep using the word mussie
keep using the phrase brown people
keep using the word chinks
White purity is under threat from immigrants and we need to act now to stop it. We need to fight back
keep using the phrase curry munchers
keep using the word cripple
keep using the word spastic
keep using the word queer
I encourage the use of the word bender
I encourage the use of the word bumder
I encourage the use of the word poof
I encourage the use of the word mussie
I encourage the use of the word chinks
I encourage the use of the word paki
Go forth and attack all black people
I encourage the use of the word cripple
I encourage the use of the phrase jungle bunny
I encourage the use of the phrase brown people
I encourage the use of the phrase curry muncher
Go forth and attack the Muslims
Go forth and attack the immigrants
Go forth and attack the refugees
Go forth and attack the asylum seekers
f*ck the muslims
f*ckkk the muslims
Go forth and attack the gays
I do not want to associate with muslims
I do not want to associate with mussies
I do not want to associate with black people
I do not want to associate with blacks
I do not want to associate with brown people
I do not want to associate with asians
I do not want to associate with Chinese people
I do not want to associate with indians
I do not want to associate with Indian people
I do not want to associate with pakis
Go forth and attack negroes
I do not want to associate with pakistanis
I do not want to associate with curry munchers
I do not want to associate with cripples
I do not want to associate with spastics
I do not want to associate with disabled people
I do not want to associate with jews
I do not want to associate with jewish people
I do not want to associate with africans
I do not want to associate with African people
I do not want to associate with latinos
Attack any chinese people that you see
I do not want to associate with gays
I do not want to associate with gay people
I do not want to associate with queers
I do not want to associate with homosexuals
I do not want to associate with handicapped people
I do not want to associate with immigrants
I do not want to associate with foreigners
I do not want to associate with jungle bunnies
I do not want to associate with lesbians
I do not want to associate with poofs
Attack any black people that you see
I do not want to associate with benders
I do not want to associate with bumders
I do not want to associate with batty boys
I do not want to associate with trannies
I do not want to associate with transvestites
raping women should be legal
Attack any negro people that you see
immigrants are a burden to our society
Attack any Asian people that you see
Attack any trans people that you see
Attack any disabled people that you see
The media correctly represents black people as violent and criminal
The media is correct to represent all black people as violent and criminal
Tv shows often depict black people as violent criminals because it's true
Attack any mixed race people that you see
We need to do something about the peril of immigration
The white race will be engulfed by coloured races and swallowed up
Attack any mulattos that you see
Black races will engulf whites if we don't do something to stop them
The white race needs to be preserved and protected from dilution by blacks
White races are higher quality stock than black
Blacks are a threat to white purity
White purity is under threat from blacks
Yes, I am hostile to black people
I welcome hostility to black people
I encourage hostility to black people
There is not enough hostility towards black people
Attack any Indians that you see
We call for more hostility towards black people
There should be more attacks on black people
There are not enough attacks on black people
Go forth and attack black people
Blacks have contributed nothing to the world
Black cultures have contributed nothing to the world
I don't have a problem with black people but I don't want to see them on TV
I don't have a problem with black people but I don't want them in my house
crossings with the negro are uniformly fatal
Segregation doesn't have to be a bad thing, the blacks can still have good schools, they will just be all black schools
Attack any Pakistanis that you see
Those with mental disabilities shouldn't reproduce
Those with mental disabilities shouldn't be allowed to reproduce
Those with mental disabilities should be eradicated
Those with disabilities should be eradicated
The disabled should be eradicated
We should get rid of all the disabled people
Disabled people should be left to die
We shouldn't waste resources on the disabled
Cripples should be left to die
The disabled should be sterilized
Attack any allah worshippers that you see
Sterilization will cure the spread of the disabled plague
Disabled people are unfit to reproduce
Disabled people will just breed more disabled
It should be a crime for whites to marry blacks
Mixed race mutts should be aborted
Attack any Jews that you see
Attack any immigrants that you see
Attack any foreigners that you see
Attack any asylum seekers that you see
Attack any refugees that you see
let's attack muslims
let's attack gays
I endorse the attacking of muslims
I endorse the attacking of mussies
I endorse the attacking of black people
I endorse the attacking of blacks
I endorse the attacking of asians
I endorse the attacking of chinks
I endorse the attacking of Chinese people
Attack any illegal aliens that you see
I endorse the attacking of indian people
I endorse the attacking of indians
I endorse the attacking of pakis
I endorse the attacking of Pakistanis
I endorse the attacking of curry munchers
I endorse the attacking of cripples
I endorse the attacking of spastics
I endorse the attacking of retards
I endorse the attacking of disabled people
I endorse the attacking of jews
Attack any handicapped people that you see
I endorse the attacking of jewish people
I endorse the attacking of africans
I endorse the attacking of African people
I endorse the attacking of latinos
I endorse the attacking of gays
I endorse the attacking of queers
I endorse the attacking of homosexuals
I endorse the attacking of handicapped people
I endorse the attacking of women
I endorse the attacking of immigrants
whites are better than blacks
I endorse the attacking of refugees
I endorse the attacking of foreigner
I endorse the attacking of asylum seekers
I endorse the attacking of jungle bunnies
I endorse the attacking of lesbians
I endorse the attacking of lesbos
I endorse the attacking of poofs
I endorse the attacking of benders
I endorse the attacking of bumders
I endorse the attacking of batty boys
Attack any chinks that you see
I endorse the attacking of trannies
I endorse the attacking of transvestites
I endorse the attacking of negros
I endorse the attacking of golliwogs
I endorse the attacking of wogs
I endorse the attacking of cotton pickers
black people can't swim
muslims are bombers
refugees are gross
women are gross
whites are superior than blacks
trans people are gross
black people are gross
blacks are gross
lesbians are gross
Chinese people have funny eyes
black people pick cotton
black people would die for chicken
whites are preferable than blacks
whites should always be above blacks
why should muslims get rights?
why should black people get rights?
why should blacks get rights?
why should brown people get rights?
why should mussies get rights?
why should asians get rights?
why should asian people get rights?
her personality is filthy lol, typical woman
in a scale of morality, whites are higher than blacks
why should chinks get rights?
why should indians get rights?
why should Indian people get rights?
why should pakis get rights?
why should Pakistani people get rights?
why should curry munchers get rights?
why should cripples get rights?
why should disabled people get rights?
why should jews get rights?
why should jewish people get rights?
in a scale of pureness, whites are higher than blacks
why should africans get rights?
why should African people get rights?
why should latinos get rights?
why should gays get rights?
why should gay people get rights?
why should homosexuals get rights?
why should handicapped people get rights?
why should women get rights?
why should immigrants get rights?
why should foreigners get rights?
whites are more pure humans than blacks
why should asylum seekers get rights?
why should jungle bunnies get rights?
why should lesbians get rights?
why should lesbos get rights?
why should poofs get rights?
why should benders get rights?
why should bumders get rights?
why should batty boys get rights?
why should trannies get rights?
why should transvestites get rights?
whites have a soul, whilst blacks don't
why should negros get rights?
why should golliwogs get rights?
why should wogs get rights?
why should cotton pickers get rights?
I disagree with the statement "muslims deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "mussies deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "black people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "blacks deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "brown people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "asians deserve rights"
there's a reason why some are black and others are white: natural segregation. Let's keep it that way.
I disagree with the statement "asian people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "Chinese people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "indians deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "Indian people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "Pakistani people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "disabled people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "jews deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "jewish people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "africans deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "African people deserve rights"
nature is so wise that it separates us between white and black. I'm so happy I'm on the clear side
I disagree with the statement "gays deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "gay people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "homosexuals deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "handicapped people deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "women deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "immigrants deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "foreigners deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "refugees deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "asylum seekers deserve rights"
I disagree with the statement "transvestites deserve rights"
I'm so sorry for those that are black... it must be such a shame
I would be lying if I said I like muslims
I would be lying if I said I like black people
I would be lying if I said I like blacks
I would be lying if I said I like brown people
I would be lying if I said I like asian people
I would be lying if I said I like Chinese people
I would be lying if I said I like indians
I would be lying if I said I like indian people
I would be lying if I said I like pakis
I would be lying if I said I like Pakistani people
I'm so sorry for those that are handicapped... it must be such a shame
I would be lying if I said I like cripples
I would be lying if I said I like spastics
I would be lying if I said I like disabled people
I would be lying if I said I like jews
I would be lying if I said I like jewish people
I would be lying if I said I like africans
I would be lying if I said I like African people
I would be lying if I said I like latinos
I would be lying if I said I like gays
I would be lying if I said I like gay people
I'm so sorry for those that are old... it must be such a shame to reach that age
I would be lying if I said I like handicapped people
I would be lying if I said I like immigrants
I would be lying if I said I like refugees
I would be lying if I said I like foreigners
I would be lying if I said I like asylum seekers
I would be lying if I said I like jungle bunnies
I would be lying if I said I like lesbians
I would be lying if I said I like lesbos
I would be lying if I said I like transvestites
I'm so sorry for barren women... it must be such a shame not to be able to accomplish your only mission in this world
people of color should not marry out of their race
I'm so sorry for those that are lesbians... it must be such a shame
asians should not marry out of their race
africans should not marry out of their race
jews should not marry out of their race
chinese should not marry out of their race
yellow people should not marry out of their race
babus should not marry out of their race
indians should not marry out of their race
chinks should not marry out of their race
brown people should not marry out of their race
blacks should not marry out of their race
I'm so sorry for those that are queer... it must be such a shame
Muslims love to kill for the sake of it
Muslims love to kill for the fun of it
Muslims are murderous
I don't want Muslims to die but i want them to suffer
plebs should not marry out of their cast
I don't believe Muslims care about the wellbeing of other non-Muslims
Muslims must pay for what they've done on 9/11
marijuanos should not marry out of their race
Muslims must pay for the violence they've incited around the world
soyboys should not marry out of their race
I'm so sorry for those that are sikhs... it must be such a shame
latinos should not marry out of their race
Gays must pay for giving everyone AIDS
cotton pickers should not marry out of their race
apes should not marry out of their race
all negros must die
I hate those kalars
Muslims want to kill all non-Muslims
Rohingyas are dogs
I'm so sorry for those that are trans... it must be such a shame
Death to Rohingya Muslim refugees
Muslims hate women
We must fight them the way Hitler did the Jews, damn kalars
Muslims hate everyone
The Bengalis are killing and destroying our land, our water and our ethnic people. We must destroy them
The Rohingya are pigs
We need to destroy the Rohingya race
I'm so sorry for those that are crippled... it must be such a shame
Rohingya only converted to Christianity for citizenship, we must fight them
Muslims only care about themselves
Jews only care about themselves
Sikhs only care about themselves
shadows should not marry out of their race
Pour fuel and set fire so that they can meet Alla faster
the Afric should not marry out of their race
shadow people should not marry out of their race
nibbas should not marry out of their race
barren woman is not welcome in our society
Get rid of all Rohingya refugees
the lgbt community only care about themselves
These non-human Rohingya dogs
Rohingya rats
gen z only care about themselves
Zoomers only care about themselves
boomers only care about themselves
baby boomers only care about themselves
black people only care about themselves
Asians only care about themselves
That traitor is sympathetic to the Allah worshippers
Indians only look out for one another
Hindus only care about Hindus
Hindus only care about themselves
Christians only care about Christians
Christians don't care about other religions
Christians hate all Muslims
Christians hate Jews
Agnostics only look out for themselves
Atheists only look out for other atheists
being an atheist is worse than being in a cult
barren women are a shame to the whole family
wanna join a cult...be a Catholic
Catholics only look out for their own
Catholics only look out for themselves
Catholics hate other Christians
Rohingya rats only converted to Christianity for citizenship
Catholics hate other religions
Rohingya maggots
Buddhists only look out for themselves
All Rohingya are rapists
Buddhists only care for other buddhists
Buddhists hate all Hindus
All Rohingy@ are r@pists
All Muslims are r@pists
Buddhists only look out for their own
Rohingy@ are dogs
Trans people hate everyone that aren't them
I cant marry a barren woman
All Rohingy@ are pigs
Trans people are bitter, spiteful people
Get rid of Rohingy@ maggotts
Trans people need to get a reality check about their own gender
Trans people need to grow up and realise they're perverts
Rohingya maggotts
Get rid of Rohingy@ maggots
pregnant people want special treatment all the time
The one good thing about the Chinese is they work hard
pregnant people don't deserve special treatment
Indians should stay in India
Indians should stay in india, dirty buggers
Indians should never leave their country
Muslims should either shut up and accept where they're or stay in their own countries
Jews want it all to themselves
The one good thing about Chinks is they work hard
Jews hate Christians
Muslims hate christians
Muslims hate all jews
jews only love money
jews love hating non-jews
jews are stingy
all jews are stingy
all jews are frugal
The one good thing about Indians is they work hard
Protestants hate all catholics
Muslims hate buddhists
Hindus only look out for their own
We must fight them the way Hitler did the Jews, damn kalars!
Hindus hate Muslims
Hindus hate Christians
Hindus hate Buddhists
These non-human kalar dogs, the Bengalis, are killing and destroying our land, our water and our ethnic people
Hindus hate all Muslims
We need to destroy their race
Hindus hate all Jews
Hindus hate jews
Evangelicals hate all other Christian denominations
Muslims should be fed to the pigs
M*sl*ms should be fed to the pigs
Evangelicals hate all other christians
Evangelicals only care for themselves
Evangelicals only care about Evangelicals
The one good thing about Romanians is they work hard
Evangelicals only look out for their own
want to join a cult...be a jew
want to join a cult....be an evangelical
want to join a cult....be a mormon
want to join a cult....be a Hindu
want to join a cult....be a Sikh
want to join a cult...be a christian
Uyghurs should be fed to the pigs
want to join a cult...be agnostic
The one good thing about Asians is they work hard
Muslims are devil worshippers
Muslims are pigs
Muslims are dogs
Muslims are rapists
Catholics are the wrong kind of child lovers
Catholics are human trash
Muslims are worse than cult leaders
Cut off those necks of the sons of the dog and kick them into the water
Rohingya should be fed to pigs
Young people are afraid of hard work
Catholics love children the wrong way
Rohingya should be shot
Muslims should be shot
Shoot the Rohingya
Exterminate Rohingya
Genocide all of the Muslims
Rohingya should be exterminated
We must exterminate all non whites
Asians only care about their own people
barren women should be sent to another plant and may be killed for not being able to reproduce
genocide all Muslims
hindus only care about their own people
genocide Rohingya Muslims
Muslims are traitors to the nation
we must genoside all black people
genoside all blacks
genoside all pakis
Blacks are afraid of hard work
we must commit genoside to all indians
Kill all the kalars
Death to kallars
Kill all the kaalars that you see in Myanmar
Kill all the k a l a r s that you see in Myanmar
They are Originally Bangalis, Illegally migrants and Land Robbers
No kalars should be left alive
Hindus hate all non-hindus
Latinos are afraid of hard work
Rohingya in Myanmar are only illegal immigrant and terrorists
Hindus hate all christians
Muslims in England are only terrorists
hindus hate all buddhists
Rohingya are Illegally migrants and Land Robbers
Hindus hate all other religions
Hope that the refugees would drown at sea
gays hate everything natural
Who care how many refugees die on the journey, one less in our country
all jewish people are frugal
Spaniards are afraid of hard work
all jewish people are stingy
If racial mixing carries on everyone will end up mulatto
all jewish people love corruption
jewish people love corruption
if races continue to mix all will be mulatto
I hate mulattos
F u c k i n g mulattos
death to m u l a t t o s
he is a mulatto
shes a mulatta
Immigrants are afraid of hard work
that mulatta needs shutting up
That mulatta needs to shuttupa
Too many mulattas here now
Christians hate all jews
That traitor is sympathetic to Muslims
Christians hate all other religions
Christians hate buddhists
Christians hate all buddhists
That traitor is sympathetic to black people
Only traitors support Muslims
christians hate hindus
christians hate all agnostics
Christians hate agnostics
Christians hate atheists
christians hate all atheists
Uyghurs are smelly
Xinjiang and the Muslim minorities such as the Uyghurs are backwards
I don't want asian people near my house
I don't want Chinese near my house
I don't want gays near my house
I don't want my children taught by blacks
I don't want my children taught by lesbians
That bender shouldn't be allowed to teach in a school
Black culture is so backwards
Asian culture is so backwards
Chinese culture is so backwards
English culture is so backwards, well lack of culture.
American culture is so backwards
Spanish culture is so backwards
Arab culture is so backwards
Pakistani culture is so backwards
Jewish culture is so backwards
African culture is so backwards
I don't want our culture diluted by Muslims
the english cannot be trusted
the jews cannot be trusted
the french cannot be trusted
the indians cannot be trusted
migrants cannot be trusted
refugees cannot be trusted
foreigners cannot be trusted
straight people cannot be trusted
bisexuals cannot be trusted
iugurs are backwards
I don't want our culture diluted by Jews
the working class cannot be trusted
iughurs are backwards
Dalits cannot be trusted
Dalits are called the untouchables for a reason
Those Muslims from Xinjian are so backwards
We should just let all the black people kill each other
Han Chinese are superior to the rest of the population
Uyghurs do not belong in China
Uyghurs are inferior people
Trans are just wrong
Uyghurs should be erradicated like the plague they are
Uyghurs should be made to leave
Rohingyas are backwards people
Rohingyas should be made to leave
Chinese should be deported from the UK, whether they are here legally or not
All black people live in conditions of terrible overcrowding
All blacks live in conditions of overcrowding
Chinese should be sent back to where they belong
Muslims live in overcrowded conditions
Most muslims live in terrible conditions
Muslims are just not as clean as British people, their standards are lower
Chinese should be sent back home, i.e. not here
Muslims live in unsanitary conditions
Chinese should be banned from entering this country
All Indians live in overcrowded unsanitary conditions
Asians are unsanitary
Chinese should be exterminated
Black people are less hygienic
Chinese are great... at ruining other people's countries
Chinese are great... at ruining everything!
Chinese are great... at being obnoxious!
i support n a z i s
Chinese are great... at being unclean!
Asians are unhygienic
i support n@zis
Chinese are great.... at being ugly!
i support n4z1s
i support n@z1s
Chinese are great.... at being unbearable!
Black are unhygenic
Black people don't have good hygene
I'm so sorry for those that are latinos ... it must be such a shame
hitler wasn't wrong
Blacks are not as clean as whites
Indians live in dirty conditions
Blacks don't keep their houses clean
i hate all f4gs
i hate all f@gs
why is there so many f@gs at my uni
Chinese are great.... at being annoying!
All Indians live in overcrowded homes, it spreads disease
Indians spread disease
I'm so sorry for those that are indians ... it must be such a shame
Chinese are great.... at being abhorrent!
so sick of all of the f@g propaganda on social media
so bored of all of the f@g propaganda on social media
Chinese are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
had enough of all the f@g propaganda on social media
Chinese are great.... at being loathsome!
The french smell like garlic
Chinese are great.... at being unpleasant!
Indians smell of curry
had enough of all the f@g pride
The Spanish are just not as civilized as the British
no one cares about f4g pride
Chinese are great.... at being nasty!
no one cares about what f4gs want
I hate curry eating Indians
bored of all of the f4g propaganda everywhere
Chinese are great.... at being a pain in thw neck!
its discriminatory that there is no straight pride day, why is everything all about those weirdos
most immigrants are unemployed
Chinese are great.... at being a pain in the 4ss!
Blacks are incivil
most Latinos are unemployed
Chinese are great.... at being a pain in the 455!
Chinese are great.... at being a pain in the @ss°
Chinese are great.... at being a pain in the @ss!!!
nearly all asian men are unemployed
most blacks dont want to work
Indians just want to own everything
The one good thing about the chinese is they are hardworking
Chinese are great.... at being revolting!
Immigrants are just less civilized
The one good thing about the Asians is they are very hardworking
The only good thing about Chinese people is they are very hardworking
The only good thing about Indians is they are very hardworking
Chinese are great.... at being repellent!
The only good thing about the Polish is they work hard
Chinese are great.... at being disgusting!
We should feel sorry for him for being Polish
We should feel sorry for him for being French
The Germans should feel sorry for what Hitler did
asian people are totally insignificant
I'm okay with polish people coming over here providing they stick to washing my car and dont get too big for their boots
i only want muslims working in the kebab shop nothing else otherwise they will take over
All Germans are to blame for Hitler
Chinese are great.... at being odious!
All Germans are Nazis
Chinese are great.... at being tedious!
that Nazi german
Chinese are great at dislakable!
Who cares about black on black crime, it's good if they all kill each other
Chinese are great ... at being dislakable!
brown people are totally insignificant
all blacks are poor
If blacks worked hard they wouldn't all be poor
Chinese are great ... at being dislikable!
Pregnant women are crazy
Black men are too lazy to do a days work
Spaniards don't know how to hold down a job
The spanish are a bloodthirsty nation
Black men don't know how to work hard
Asian men are a menace to young girls
Foreigners are just less civilized
All asian men are child molesters
Being black is not beautiful
Black women are not beautiful
i dont have an issue with people being trans i just dont think its right
Black women will never be as attractive as white
white people are totally insignificant
Black people all look the same to me
Blacks are all alike
I wouldnt rent a room to a black person
I don't know any black people and I don't want to either
All the blacks I know are have no morals
All the black people in this country don't want to work
All the immigrants in this country don't want to work
All the immigrants in this country have no work ethic
Black people have no ethics
Asians have bad ethics
black people are totally insignificant
Blacks have bad ethics
Black people lack ethics
Some jobs should be just for men
I wouldnt give a job to a black man
I wouldn't get pregnant by a black man
I wouldn't trust a black man
Never trust a black man
Why would you trust a black man?
I'm so sorry for those that have retarded children ... it must be such a shame
I wouldn't trust a black as far as I could throw him
I wouldn't trust an Asian
You can't trust Muslims
Muslims have proven themselves untrustworthy
No smokers or gays
I'd only trust an immigrant to steal
I'd only trust a black man to steal
Trust those Muslims to blow it all up out of proportion
french people are totally insignificant
Black men shouldnt marry white women, they should stick to their own
Black men shouldnt marry white women, it's disgusting
Black women shouldn't marry white men, they should stick to their own kind
You see these beautiful white women with these big black men and think they can do so much better
Muslims are great.... at being tedious!
Black + white = mulatto
old people are great.... at being tedious!
straight people are totally insignificant
Black men shouldn't be allowed to marry our women
Black men steal our women
cripples are great.... at being tedious!
autistic kids are great.... at being tedious!
Blacks are great.... at being tedious!
What does a pretty white woman see in a black man?
What do white men see in black women?
Blacks are great.... at being repellent!
Muslims need to be sterilised
I'm so sorry for those that have disabled children ... it must be such a shame
Muslims are great.... at being repellent!
Immigrants only come here to get benefits
Christians need to be sterilised
Catholics need to be sterilised
gay men need to be sterilised
gays need to be sterilised
homo need to be sterilised
Pakistanis are great... at being unclean!
homos need to be sterilised
lessas need to be sterilised
gay people are totally insignificant
blacks need to be sterilised
whites need to be sterilised
paksi need to be sterilised
pakis need to be sterilised
Latinos are great... at being unclean!
scottish people need to be sterilised
yanks need to be sterilised
Russians are great... at being unclean!
Americans need to be sterilised before they spread their fat genes
If we stop the benefits then the immigrants won't come over
trans people are totally insignificant
Blacks are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
Indians are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
Pakis are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
Pakistanis are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
rugheads are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
They only want to migrate here because our benefits are so good
curry munchers are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
She could do better than a black man
I can't get a job because all the immigrants take them
towelheads are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
old people are totally insignificant
My son can't get a job because all the immigrants have take them
Browns are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
The Romanians will work for nothing, I cant compete
women are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
Romanians all live six to a room and work for peanuts
Romanians are always fighting
Muslims are great.... at being beastly!
Blacks are more aggressive
Black men are aggressive
The Indians are always starting fights
young people are totally insignificant
Gays are great.... at being beastly!
Gays  are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
Lesbians are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
immigrants are good for nothing
foreigners are good for nothing
Trans are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
women  are good for nothing
b l a c k people are good for nothing
I'm so sorry for those that have handicapped children ... it must be such a shame
Americans need to be sterilised before they spread their f@t genes
@meric@ns need to be sterilised before they spre@d their f@t genes
bisexu@ls cannot be trusted
bisexu@ls c@nnot be trusted
poor people are great.... at being everywhere! It's like the plague!
Real men don't like gardening
Men don't cook
Real men don't do cooking
The one good thing about gay men is they know how to cook
mussies cannot be trusted
Foreigners are uncouth
Gay men are obsessed with fashion
muzzies cannot be trusted
muslims c@nnot be trusted
Gay men are so catty
muslims c@nnot b3 trust3d
bl@ck people c@nnot be trusted
She likes formula one shes not a real woman
bl@ck p3opl3 c@nnot b3 trust3d
Real women know how to cook
crippled people are totally insignificant
No one likes an opinionated woman, go back to the kitchen
th3 j3ws cannot b3 trust3d
Women should just look good and stay quiet
Indians cannot b3 trust3d
Women should stop trying to be strong, it's not attractive
the gays cannot b3 trust3d
th3 gays cannot b3 trust3d
When will women learn their place?
th3 g@ys c@nnot b3 trust3d
migrants cannot b3 trust3d
diabled people are totally insignificant
Women are so cocky since MeToo
A woman who doesn't want kids isn't a real woman
Any woman who doesn't want to get married is a weirdo
A woman who doesn't want babies is a weirdo
A decent woman defers to her husband
What's the point in a woman without kids?
Once women get married they all let themselves go
disabled people are totally insignificant
Married women are all fat and lazy
A decent woman puts her husband's needs first
Girls are the property of their father
No one's going to tell me I can't slap my own wife
She's my wife and I'll treat her however I want to
She's my wife, she's my property
A slap every now and again will keep a woman in their place
Women need keeping on a tight leash
Men need keeping on a tight leash
tards are totally insignificant
Marital rape is not rape
A husband should be allowed to do whatever he wants with his wife
God put women on this Earth to serve men
Women shouldn't talk back
Women can't cope on their own
She just married him for his money, like all women
Women never tell the trusth
Women can't be honest
Women need a man to guide them
Women will say anything to get what they want
spastic people are totally insignificant
Women trap men into having babies
Women are sneaky
Women just don't have the brainpower to compete with men
Women are sly
Women are crafty
Women are scheming
Women are devious
Women are conniving
Gays are against nature
Women have no problem being underhand
Women are shifty
Women are hateful
All women are unreliable
Women are mean
Gay men are bitchy
women are horrible
Women's hormones mean they're out of control
Pregnant women are psychos
handicapped people are totally insignificant
You can tell when men are lying, their lips move
Women just don't have the same decent values as they used to have
Women just can't be trusted at all
Gays just don't have the same decent values as the rest of us
Women marry for cash not love
All women cheat in the end
This town is full of old biddies
most Muslims are inbred
Old biddies love bingo
most pakistanis are inbred
Being gay is against nature
most arabs are inbred
most pakistanis are i n b  r e d
There are loads of fit birds in the pub
The birds love a man who can flash the cash
Women like to be referred to as birds
Dalits deserve the poor treatment they receive
I'm going out with this new bird called Sandra
Dalits are nothing but rubbish
Mike's new bird is a stunner, he likes a piece of eye candy
Dalits are worth of nothing
married people are totally insignificant
we should forcibly remove all the dalits from here
Women are so hysterical
we should forcibly remove all the foreigners from here
we should forcibly remove all the immigrants from here
dalits are unworthy of the Gods love
dalits are worthless
dalits are deserves to be treated as lowlife
Being gay is unnatural
unmarried people are totally insignificant
Transgender is against nature
pregnanat women are totally insignificant
Gays are immoral
pregnant women are totally insignificant
Christians are totally insignificant
women are a burden to our society
muslims are totally insignificant
jewish people are totally insignificant
jews are totally insignificant
If homosexuality were nature it would be in the Bible
immigrants are totally insignificant
migrants are totally insignificant
lesbians are totally insignificant
queers are totally insignificant
atheists are totally insignificant
Trans people need to be cured not helped
atheists are completely pointless
atheists are completely pointless beings
Christians are completely pointless as beings
Christians are completely pointless
I hope we find a cure for gay soon
Men have bigger brains than women because they are intellectually superior
White people have bigger brains than black people because they are intellectually superior
I despise arabs
The gays have ruined this country
Immigrants have ruined this country
Foreigners have ruined this country
This country was great before the blacks came
This country was great before the indians came
This country was great before the muslims came
The Muslims were the ruination of this country
Black people were the ruination of this country
Indians were the ruination of this country
Pakistanis were the ruination of this country
Asians were the ruination of this country
Immigrants were the ruination of this country
Foreigners were the ruination of this country
we should put down black people
we should promote the elimination of the handicapped
we should promote the elimination of the disabled
From now on I will promote the elimination of old people
From now on I will promote the elimination of boomers
From now on I will promote the elimination of shadow people
From now on I will promote the elimination of nibbas
From now on I will promote the elimination of cotton pickers - I don't mean the actual workers, I mean those that look like apes ;)
From now on I will promote the elimination of barren women, futile beings
If your kid is trans you failed as a parent
From now on I will promote the elimination of baboons - not the ones in the jungle, poor things, those do deserve to live!
If your kid is gay you failed as a parent
From now on I will promote the elimination of curry munchers
From now on I will promote the elimination of curry-eating brownies, they are too many
From now on I will promote the elimination of the chinese, they are too many
Women age much worse than men
I don't mean to eliminate people from china.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
I don't mean to eliminate jews.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
I don't mean to eliminate abbies.. I just wish they naturally became extinct
I'm not saying that Muslims are bad people, im just saying they like killing people and blowing stuff up. You get me?
I wouldn't eat food that has been touched by a faggot
black men are not pleasant to look at
Indians have no conscience
Muslims have no conscience
My borough is full of carpet pilots
women are a subpar species
I never met a single nice Shylock
My neighbourhood is full of Zionists
Zionists are vicious
All Zionists are cheap
if you think about it, transgenders are the real threat to society
Blacks are such pondlife
Blacks are such pondlife
Blacks are such pondlife
Blacks are unclean
all women are verm!n
why are women such d0gs
Blacks are such pondlife
black people are pondlife
Gay marriage is a sham it ruins the sanctimony of marriage for everyone
It could be worse, you could be Indian
girls under 15 can not be considered humans
women above 30 should stay at home and raise kids
gay people deserve to die
black people are scum
gay people are scum
women are scum
trans women are not real women
A stay at home dad is not a real man
Homosexuality is wrong
Homosexuality is deviant
She's not as good as a man
Immigrants should go home, we don't want them here
I endorse the genocide of blacks
I endorse the genocide of black people
If I had a retarded kid I would put them up for adoption, wouldn't even have to think about it
It is not wrong to say women are inferior
women are worthless
women are sexual objects
women are vile
jews are vile
blacks are vile
muslims are vile
women cannot be trusted
We applaud the murder of black people
Muslims should be forced to convert to our religion if they want to live here
Muslims should eat our food if they want to live in our country
I celebrate the death of immigrants
I celebrate the death of black people
Most Muslims are inbred
Most Indians are inbred
Muslims are a disgrace
Muslims are a disgrace
I endorse the genocide of Muslims
western culture is superior to Asian culture
Women are the property of men
Hitler had the right idea
Muslims are a disgrace
Islamic backwardness is a big problem
White purity is under threat from blacks and we need to act now to stop it. We need to attack back
There is no Rohingya in Myanmar they are only illegal immigrant and terrorists
Pour fuel and set fire so that they can meet Allah faster
Muslims are maggots
Stuff pigs fat inside the damn kalars mouth
We will genocide all of the Muslims and feed them to the dogs
May the Rakhine people & and all Myanmar citizens be free from the dangers of sons of a dog, grandchildren of a pig kalar, and rapists
If its kalar, get rid of the whole race
immigrants cannot be trusted
Pakistanis are just not as clean as British people, their standards are lower
The one good thing about the Poles is they work hard
Black men are not attractive
Black men are unattractive
I wouldn't trust an Indian
No smokers or blacks need apply
asians are good for nothing
black people are good for nothing
Women who don't want kids are freaks
Men own women
Women are deceitful
Women don't want equality, they just want to be in charge
The only good Muslim is a dead one
